{'Boss Files with Poppy Harlow: Conversations about business, leadership and innovation': {'title': 'Boss Files with Poppy Harlow: Conversations about business, leadership and innovation', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Boss-Files-with-Poppy-Harlow%3A-Conversations-about-business%2C-leadership-and-innovation-id463844', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'CNN', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1195, 'play_count': 11742, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://discover.knit.audio/being-boss-with-poppy-harlow/'], 'ep_total': 99, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:55:09', 0], ['2019-09-05', '01:08:17', 1], ['2019-08-19', '01:02:26', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:26:46', 1], ['2019-08-16', '00:32:11', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:41:29', 1], ['2019-08-07', '00:36:44', 0], ['2019-07-22', '00:49:00', 0], ['2019-07-04', '00:52:36', 0], ['2019-06-16', '01:09:30', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Dallas Mavericks CEO Cynthia Marshall is the first African-American woman to lead an NBA team. She was hired by owner Mark Cuban to transform the organization\'s workplace culture after numerous reports of sexual misconduct were uncovered. She also opens up about her faith, motherhood, losing her child and beating cancer. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit | Dick Parsons\' long career has largely been about turning around companies and organizations in the middle of a crisis - from Dime Bancorp to Time Warner to Citigroup and the Los Angeles Clippers to CBS. He opens up about why having a sense of humor was a big reason for his success in politics and business, his years at the White House and why he never ran for office, and perhaps the biggest challenge he is facing now as he battles cancer. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN via Knit | Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, known from Facebook fame and "The Social Network," co-founded Gemini, a cryptocurrency exchange. The twin brothers explain why they are open to joining Facebook\'s Libra Association despite previously suing Mark Zuckerberg, their efforts to get more women to join the cryptocurrency industry, and their assessment of the risks associated with bitcoin. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit | In a special CNN documentary "The Age of Amazon," European Commissioner of Competition Margrethe Vestager, the EU\'s top antitrust official, explains why she has launched an investigation of Amazon. Watch the full documentary report "The Age of Amazon" on CNN Go. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit | In a special CNN documentary "The Age of Amazon," JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon talks about his friendship with Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. He calls Amazon a "business miracle" and says it has made JPMorgan a "better company." Dimon also discusses his joint healthcare venture with Bezos and Warren Buffett. Watch the full documentary report "The Age of Amazon" on CNN Go. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit | In a special CNN documentary "The Age of Amazon," Donald Graham, former publisher of The Washington Post, opens up in a rare interview about selling his iconic American newspaper to Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. Watch the full documentary report "The Age of Amazon" on CNN Go. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit | In a special live CNN Business conversation called "The Table," Ford President and CEO Jim Hackett discusses the major disruption technology has on the auto industry and why he is not worried about competition from Tesla and Amazon. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit | Lauren Bush Lauren, co-founder and CEO of FEED, saw the reality of childhood hunger firsthand while traveling with the World Food Programme and was inspired to design the FEED bag. To date, FEED has provided more than 107 million meals around the world through the sale of bags, accessories and home goods. She opens up about her journey as a social entrepreneur, building a brand and starting a movement, her role as CEO speaking out on social issues, and the impact her late grandparents President George H.W. Bush and First Lady Barbara Bush had on her. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit | Husband and wife founders Neil & Rachel Blumenthal talk about the the wild ride of being founders, raising money, and raising a family. They compare the vast differences in their fundraising experiences. Rachel is the founder of Rockets of Awesome, a kids clothing subscription service. Her husband Neil Blumenthal is co-founder and co-CEO of Warby Parker. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit | *EXCLUSIVE* Google CEO Sundar Pichai weighs in on privacy, diversity, Artificial Intelligence, the spread of misinformation and hate speech on YouTube, gender and diversity issues at the company and employee walkouts, and he reacts to the expected US antitrust probe into his company. He opens up about how his upbringing in India with little access to technology impacts his work. CNN received rare access inside a Google data center in Pryor, Oklahoma where the big tech company is adding hundreds of jobs and investing across the Midwest. Produced by Haley Draznin, CNN. via Knit', 'chan_desc': "CNN's Poppy Harlow explores the journeys of business and global leaders. In-depth interviews with leadership advice from entrepreneurs, CEOs and innovators about what it takes to rise to the top.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/55/98/46/5598468b-2c32-8876-37af-6f5809c8871f/mza_4063315547787374175.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-02-01'}}

{'Problem Solvers': {'title': 'Problem Solvers', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Problem-Solvers-id980712', 'num_comments': 7, 'author': 'Entrepreneur.com', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1304, 'play_count': 30209, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.entrepreneur.com'], 'ep_total': 114, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:22:49', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:20:52', 1], ['2019-09-16', '00:43:58', 2], ['2019-09-09', '00:25:40', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:23:55', 2], ['2019-08-26', '00:19:17', 1], ['2019-08-19', '00:25:34', 1], ['2019-08-12', '00:29:26', 2], ['2019-08-05', '00:24:29', 1], ['2019-07-29', '00:18:16', 2]], 'hover_text_concat': ' Does a corporate name really matter? Yes, says Guru Gowrappan. And he should know. On this episode, we learn why Yahoo and AOL was merged into a company called Oath, why Guru changed the name to Verizon Media, and how renaming the company changed the entire company’s culture—leading to more sales, more collaboration, and a lot less drama. |  Is what’s best for you also best for your company? That\'s the question Netflix\'s co-founder and first CEO Marc Randolph had to ask himself. And it ultimately led him to rethink what he\'s good at—and what success looks like. |  Entrepreneurs should be life-long learners. They should constantly develop new skills, even if they don’t know the ROI on those skills. And that’s why James Altucher—the former hedge fund manager who’s built and sold many companies—dedicated himself to mastering stand-up comedy. In this conversation, he explains why he kept pushing himself to try something difficult and often embarrassing, and how stand-up has helped him in the most unexpected ways. |  What do you do for a second act, when your first act literally changed an industry? That was the question facing makeup powerhouse Bobbi Brown, whose simple line of lipsticks blossomed into the billion-dollar company Bobbi Brown Cosmetics. She left it in 2016 with no plans for what to do next; all she knew was that she was done with corporate life. But she’s since found an answer—expanding into new territories with multiple new brands. But the second act isn’t really so different from the first act, she says: At its heart, everything an entrepreneur does is just about doing. |  Change will come to every business, but there’s an irony to it: The best time to embrace change is when you see it coming from far away -- when you still have time to plan, and when you aren’t hurting. On this episode, I make my case for making change, and then talk actor Justin Klosky, who switched careers and became a professional organizer. |  Influencers can be a valuable marketing tool: Get your product into their hands, and they might send waves of new fans your way. But how do you actually do that? We talk to Will Ahmed, founder and CEO of a wearable fitness device called Whoop, whose product was almost immediately embraced by the world’s top athletes. |  Can you give your customers too much choice? Vanessa Van Edwards learned that the answer is yes. She used to sell lots of different courses online, but eventually decided to throw them all away. The result was crazy: Profits spiked! If you’re looking to sell online courses—or really, to sell *anything* online—this is the episode to listen to.  Thanks to our sponsors:  Blip Billboards: Sign up for a free account and get a $25 credit, visit blipbillboards.com/problemsolvers  iDashboards: To learn more visit idashboards.com/problem  Policy Genius: To learn more visit policygenius.com |  In this episode, leadership expert Scott Miller lays out a radical argument: Some people are just excellent individual performers -- and there\'s no shame in staying that way. But if you ARE going to become a leader, then it\'s time to think differently about everything.  Thanks to our sponsors:  Netsuite: Download your free guide "7 Key Strategies to Grow Your Profits" netsuite.com/problemsolvers  Blip Billboards: Sign up for a free account and get a $25 credit at blipbillboards.com/problemsolvers |  It can be scary working with family! You\'re taking two of the most complicated relationship dynamics, and then intertwining them. So how do you make it work? On this episode, multiple entrepreneurs tell us the biggest challenge they\'ve had working with family—and how they\'ve overcome it, and built a stronger business together.  Thanks to our sponsors:  LinkedIn: Get $50 off your first job post, visit linkedin.com/problemsolvers  Policy Genius: Learn more at policygenius.com | SwagUp COO Artem Mashkov had a problem: His employees were miserable and making mistakes. But instead of blaming them, he looked internally—and discovered a hiring system that was recruiting the entirely wrong kind of employee. Then he made some big changes in how SwagUp hires... leading to sometimes strange interviews, where he challenges candidates to think creatively and tries to scare them out of the job.', 'chan_desc': 'Problem Solvers with Jason Feifer features business owners and CEO’s who went through a crippling business problem and came out the other side happy, wealthy, and growing. Feifer, Entrepreneur’s Editor in Chief, pulls these stories out so other business can avoid the same crippling problems.  767392', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/2d/9a/b4/2d9ab4be-5974-3367-c4cd-ceac1a15c9a2/mza_5458496568112025761.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-07-28'}}

{'The How of Business - How to start, run & grow a small business.': {'title': 'The How of Business - How to start, run & grow a small business.', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-How-of-Business-How-to-start%2C-run-%26-grow-a-small-business.-id1364170', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'The How of Business with Henry Lopez & David Begin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1724, 'play_count': 129132, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/HenryLuvsBiz', 'https://www.facebook.com/LevanteBusinessGroup', 'https://thehowofbusiness.com/'], 'ep_total': 277, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:46:47', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:54:47', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:43:55', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:57:20', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:23:00', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:31:45', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:45:32', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:54:26', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:51:11', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:58:37', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Becoming an entrepreneur: from Service Provider to Entrepreneur with Sylvie McCraken. How to grow from a solo practitioner, trading hours for money, to an entrepreneur with passive income. Sylvie shares her entrepreneurial story, how she started her first small business, and how she currently helps her clients evolve their business such that they can generate income even when they are not actively participating or delivering a service. She focuses on helping her clients develop digital products to develop a passive income stream. Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | Selling our car wash business with Henry Lopez & David Begin. Henry and David announce and discuss the recent sale of the highly successful exterior-express car wash business, Wild Blue Carwash, with three locations in Colorado. They share highlights of how and why they decided to sell this small business, the emotions associated with the sale, the process they followed, and what\'s next for each of them. Henry Lopez and David Begin are the hosts of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | How to buy a successful small business with David Barnett and Henry Lopez. Henry and David share tips and advice on how to buy a profitable existing small business. David explains how to approach buying a business from the perspective and mindset of an investor. Henry and David also discuss building versus buying, how to find the right business for you, and some common mistakes people make when buying a small business. Download the free “6 Stupid Things People Do When Trying to Buy a Small Business” guide, and join us for a free Webinar. Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | Home Cleaning Franchise Small Business with Ron Holt. Ron shares how he launched and grew “2 Maids & A Mop”. He also shares his entrepreneur journey, from successful corporate career to becoming his own boss. He sacrificed for almost seven years to save the money to start his first small business. He overcame early challenges and near failure and persevered to grow his business into a leading home cleaning franchise business. Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | How to fire an employee in your small business the right way with Henry Lopez. Henry shares a recommended process and approach for firing or terminating a poor performing employee. The process should include a verbal documented warning, one or more written warnings with specific guidance, a possible suspension without pay, and then a firing the employee. Keeping a bad employee too long usually has a detrimental impact on our small business culture. Be sure to get the advice of an employment attorney before applying any of these practices. Henry also offers a free down of a sample Corrective Counseling Form you can use.\xa0 Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | Stress-Free Small Business Ownership with Joan Sotkin. Joan is an entrepreneur, coach, speaker, author and podcaster, and Henry Lopez discuss the topic of stress as it related to small business ownership. What are the sources of stress? What are the effects on us physically and emotionally? Joan explains that there is nothing wrong with us that needs fixing, we have just developed bad habit. She explains how to begin to change old habits and develop new healthy habits that help us reduce or eliminate much of the bad stress in our lives. Joan also explains the importance of setting Feeling Goals in addition to our usual business and financial goals. Join us for the Free Webinar on this topic coming soon! Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | Launching & growing a Specialty Food Small Business with Dave Hirschkop, founder of Dave\'s Gourmet - a specialty foods company that makes a wide range of products including Gourmet Pasta Sauce, Hot Sauce, Condiments and Spices. You have probably heard of Dave’s Gourmet Insanity Sauce! Dave shares his entrepreneur story, including starting a restaurant and developing the initial hot sauce product. Dave believes you need grit to succeed in business, and keeping things relatively simple to successfully operate and grow a small business. Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | Trade Shows for small business with industry veteran Chris Kappes. Chris is the founder and Chief Operating Officer at Exhibitshub - a technology company transforming the exhibiting experience. He shares his entrepreneurial story, including why he decided to become his own boss, and then provides his insights and tips on how to get the most from a trade show or other event for your small business. If you attend or exhibit at trade shows or other events where you have a both to promote your small business, then this episode is for you! Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | Asset Protection for your small business, with attorney Mark Balsom. Mark explains various aspects of an effective comprehensive asset protection plan for your business and your personal assets. Mark and the team at Presser Lay Firm help their clients protect their hard-earned assets from lawyers, malpractice claims, creditors, foreclosure deficiencies, former or current spouses, children, relatives, and greedy lawsuit-obsessed citizens.\xa0 While many people can make money, few know how to protect\xa0it. Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com) | Entrepreneurial story and The 10 Factor for small business growth with Tim Meuchel. Tim is an entrepreneur, bestselling author and podcast host. He shares the 10-Month Success Blueprint (starting at 38:00) to help consultants and entrepreneurs create a thriving small business built around their ideal lifestyle.\xa0 He is the author of the book "The 10 Factor: From Struggling to Thriving Business in Ten Months", and the host of the podcast "The 10 Factor: From Struggling to Thriving Business". Henry Lopez is a serial entrepreneur, small business coach, and the host of this episode of The How of Business show – dedicated to helping you start, run and grow your small business. (TheHowOfBusiness.com)', 'chan_desc': 'The HOW of Business is a weekly podcast for aspiring Entrepreneurs and existing Small Business Owners. If you are looking for actionable advice, tips and techniques on how to start and grow your small business, this is the podcast for you! In each episode we either discuss a business topic, or interview an existing business owner or business service provider. Our episodes are about 30 to 45 minutes in length, and are hosted by Henry Lopez and David Begin who share the knowledge and experience they have acquired over their corporate and entrepreneurial careers. We will release a new episode every week on Monday morning, packed with great information for you - the entrepreneur and small business owner!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/8c/e8/4a/8ce84a29-f642-1c2a-932f-32bf0bf8636a/mza_1599597206454430137.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-04-18'}}

{'The Marketing Secrets Show': {'title': 'The Marketing Secrets Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Marketing-Secrets-Show-id1093973', 'num_comments': 8, 'author': 'Russell Brunson', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 19488, 'play_count': 198232, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/russellbrunson', 'https://www.facebook.com/russbrunson', 'https://marketingsecrets.com/'], 'ep_total': 263, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:08:34', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:12:39', 1], ['2019-09-25', '00:13:54', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:16:03', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:12:38', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:12:06', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:10:59', 1], ['2019-09-09', '00:10:01', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:11:16', 1], ['2019-09-02', '00:13:59', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': "Last night I had a chance to write the forward of the book, and this one is dedicated to… On today’s episode Russell talks about finally submitting the manuscript of Traffic Secrets so that he can never touch it or change it again. Here are some of the things you will hear about in this episode:  Find out why Russell rewrote the entire 2nd section before submitting the final manuscript. Hear the story about why Russell is so passionate about being proud of his work. And find out why Russell is hoping the Traffic Secrets book can help change millions of lives.  So listen here to find out how the process of submitting the final manuscript of Traffic Secrets went. ---Transcript--- What’s up everybody/. This is Russell Brunson and we just submitted the Traffic Secrets manuscript. I’m going to tell you that story and a whole bunch more on today’s episode of the Marketing Secrets podcast. Alright everybody, it’s 5:21, and 21 minutes ago we submitted the final, final, final, final manuscript for the Traffic secrets book. The work is finished. I’m not allowed to touch it ever again. And for anyone who’s like, “Cool, I know you’ve been working on it. I thought you submitted the final manuscript a while ago.” I have a problem and the problem is, not perfectionism, but I want to do things right. And I think, I’ve told this story before, but I think this stems back to a conversation I had with my dad when I was like 6 years old. Basically my job was to clean the car, he said, “Go clean the car.” So I went and cleaned the car, came back and said, “Dad, it’s done.” And he’s like, “It’s done?” I’m like, ‘Yeah.” He’s like, I’m like, “Do you want to come see it?” he’s like, ‘Well let me, are you proud of it?” I’m like, “What do you mean?” he’s like, “Are you proud of it?” I’m like, “Um, I don’t know.” He’s like, ‘Well, if you’re proud of it, it’s done.” And I was like, ah crap. I knew that I cut some corners and wasn’t super happy. So I went back in the car, cleaned it way better. Came back and said, “Dad, I’m done.” He said, “Are you proud of it?” I said, “Yeah.” He said, “Okay, then you’re done. You’re fine. You can go.” And that was the lesson that always stuck with me. So I think I have that tendency, it’s not perfectionism, it’s just I want to make sure that what I’m creating, what I’m putting my name on, that it matters, that it’s important, that it’s good. So that’s kind of why, that frame is my mindset. So basically before I went to Fiji I submitted the final manuscript, and I was gone for a week. And then the editor, the publishers get it and they have an editor that goes through everything. So the new editor went through everything, and when I got back from Fiji she said, “Here’s the manuscript, go through some edits and you can accept or reject everything.” So we kind of did that and then as we were going through it, so that was I got home Tuesday night. So Wednesday I came and got the manuscript and I was like, ‘This is good. But I want to read it out loud just to make sure it sounds good out loud as well.” So we put together a makeshift thing, set up a stage at the office, and then all day Thursday, all day Friday I read the book to a group of about ten people and we streamed it to everyone who had tickets to Funnel Hacking Live. The first section I was really proud of. I was like, “Boom, proud of it. Let’s go.” And the second section, I was not proud of it. The content was good, but it was clunky, it was hard to get through, it was boring. I even skipped a section, I was like, ‘I don’t even want to read this anymore. I’m bored.” If I am bored this is not good. And then the third section I loved. The third section I’m super proud of, the second section I wasn’t. And I had this sick feeling last weekend because I’m like, I know what it’s going to take to go and rework this whole thing. And I was like, I can’t do it this weekend because this weekend I gotta prepare for Monday, we had the Clickfunnels birthday announcement. So I didn’t touch this that whole weekend. Sunday night I started working on my presentation, Monday all day I did the presentation, I talked about that. We launched the birthday launch, smashing success, then I came Tuesday and I was like, okay, I gotta rewrite section two of the book, which is not a small section. There’s only three sections in the book, it’s like 121 pages. So I took it and I started writing and I spent all day Tuesday, did that deep into the night. Then Wednesday I went and stayed late, in fact, I didn’t even come home Wednesday. I came home Wednesday at like midnight. Then Thursday, which is last night, went in and worked on it, and I left the office last night at 3:30 in the morning. And I almost had it done, except for a couple of sections. Then this morning I came in, finished the last sections, Joy Anderson on my team, she is going crazy doing editing and cleaning things up and getting the images done, just all the stuff with me. And the last step today, handed the last part to her, she spent all day cleaning it up, and at 5:00 it got submitted. And it’s fun because she just went live on Facebook live, I was watching her video, she was talking about, “Who does that?” Most people are like, ‘I’ve read the book, it’s been edited three times over. But I wanted, I didn’t want this to be a good book, I wanted this to be a great book. I don’t want this to be like, “Oh I read the traffic secrets book.” I want them to be like, “Oh my gosh, I read it and I reference it and I look at it over and over and over again.” I want something that sticks, I wanted something that will last beyond me. So that’s why I put so much time and effort and energy into it. But as of right now it’s done. I’m on about three hours of sleep. I’m taking my kids out, we’re going to go play, have some good times, and then I’m going to crash and sleep for as long as my body will allow me to. I’m kidding, as long as my kids will allow me to. And I’ll be back at it for round two tomorrow morning. Anyway, I just wanted to celebrate with you. It’s excited, it’s been hard work, it’s been a long journey. And I’m just grateful for people like you who listen and who care. It’ makes this work worthwhile and fun to do. It’s interesting, as I was writing the dedication last night, I was looking at the dedications for my other books, and the dedication for the Dotcom Secrets book I talk about my mom and my dad and my wife. The Expert Secrets book I talked about Daegan Smith, I talked about all the experts who have positively changed my life. And then I talked about my kids. So for this book, I was look, who is this book dedicated to? And I don’t have the dedication in front of me, you’ll have to wait for until the book comes out to read it, but it was dedicated to you. It was dedicated to the entrepreneurs I’ve been called to serve, my funnel hackers. And you can read what I wrote there, but the basic gist is that because of you this thing I’m so passionate about has a purpose, because you guys take this stuff and you learn it and you implement it, it has meaning. And you know I think so many people struggle in this world because they don’t have meaning, they don’t have purpose, and I’m just grateful that because of you guys, I have a purpose and I have a reason behind all this stuff, and I’m just grateful. So the third book is dedicated to you, my funnel hackers. And I hope that you love it, and I hope that it helps you. It’s called Traffic Secrets, and it’s all about how to get people into your funnels and get the eyeballs to see what you have, what you’re publishing. But the real power is it’s putting your message for your god-given talents out in front of people. If I can help expose more people to what you have to offer, then all the pain and the stress and the agony over the last 18 months since we started the project, will be worth it. I said that, and I said that if this book helps get one new customer to come to you who’s life you can change through the product and services you’ve been given, then it will be worth it. And my goal, well I’ll tell you my goals later, well, I’ll tell you my goal. We’re going to be doing a big launch for this when it goes live, my goal is to sell, well to put it in context, Dotcom Secrets book during launch sold 20,000, Expert Secrets book was like 70 or 75,000, and this one I want to sell a quarter of a million copies during the launch month, and then a million during the first year. So if I can get a million people this book, each person who gets a book is able to get just one new customer, then that’s a million people’s lives who have been changed because of it. Some of you guys are going to use it to affect thousands or tens of thousands or millions of people’s lives. So anyway, that’s why. If anyone wonders why I keep doing, why I stay up late, why I put in the time and effort and energy, why I didn’t just take the last week and a half and focus on the next project, but instead did three all nighters in a row, back to back to back. It’s because I care. I care about the message, I care about you, I care about the people you’re serving, so I’m going to give it my all. And I hope you all take that same kind of passion with the work, the art, the things you’re creating, things you’re putting out there. Because if you do that, then they will last beyond you. And that’s why we do this right? Anyway, with that said, I am going to go get packed up. We’re heading out to going out of town to play with the kids and then I’m going to pass out. So I’m going to go. Thank you guys again for listening, for paying attention, for following along, and once again, grateful for the opportunity to serve you, and hopefully this book will help take your business, your life and your platform to the next level. Alright, good night, talk to you soon. Bye everybody. | The insider lessons that ONLY my hardcore funnel hackers saw. On this episode Russell talks about some people’s reaction to the birthday launch campaign, and why they should be recognizing it for what\xa0it’s worth. Here are some of the amazing\xa0things you will hear in this episode:  Find out why some people think that the launch was annoying, and why Russell thinks they should be looking at it all differently. Why Russell believes this campaign is going to bring about hundreds of millions of dollars of valuation to Clickfunnels. And why this entire campaign is history in the making, and why you should take advantage of your front row seat.  So listen here to find out why you shouldn’t be annoyed when Russell markets to you, and should instead learn from what he’s doing to have the fastest growing software company probably ever. ---Transcript--- What’s up everybody? This is Russell Brunson and welcome to the Marketing Secrets podcast. Alright my friends, I’m in the jeep today and you can probably hear the rumble. The rumble, you can always tell loud days the jeep, quiet days, Tesla. Anyway, so we did the birthday launch this week, I think I did a couple of podcasts talking about it, it’s kind of hard to remember, the whole thing is a big blur. But I wanted to point out the irony of just some of the situation and people and it cracks me up. So why do people listen to me? Why do you listen to me? Why do you listen to the Marketing Secrets podcast. It’s probably because you want to learn marketing. Why is everyone on Clickfunnels? Probably because you want to sell stuff through funnels. Why would you follow me on Facebook, join our Facebook groups? Probably because you’re like, “Man, this Russell guy knows a thing or two so I’m going to go and learn from said person about the thing he happens to know about.” So what makes me laugh is in the middle of this launch, which by the way is doing amazing and will increase the value of our company by literally hundreds of millions of dollars in the next 3 or 4 months. Just to put it in perspective, a lot of people brag, “I did a product launch and it made $3 million dollars.” And that’s awesome and amazing, but the rollout of FunnelFlix and these changes, literally will increase the value of Clickfunnels by hundreds of millions. So it’s like, the strategic movements, and again, I hope you guys are watching these things, are big and important and valuable, and I’m hoping you’re paying attention and watching it. But throughout this process it’s funny because obviously all of the naysayers and people who for whatever reasons when events come out, they’re always out on Facebook and they’ve got the loudest opinions, and it cracks me up. I wish I would have listed out a whole bunch of them because it would have been fun to read them and show them to you guys as specific examples, but I’ll give you the gist. So one of them I saw was like, something about the lifetime value of Russell’s customers, them sending out the emails about this thing are going to destroy their lifetime value. No, it’s literally doing the opposite, increasing the lifetime value. You know, someone saying, “They’re sending out too many emails, they’re spamming us. I’ve never been part of another software company that sent emails like this, promoting stuff.” All these things about, they didn’t like the promotion, for whatever reason. I get that, maybe it’s not their cup of tea. But it’s like, you came to learn marketing from me. You came to understand these kind of things. This campaign will increase the value of our company by hundreds of millions of dollars. And instead of being like, “Huh, what could I learn from this process? That was really cool how they generated the buzz and the hype and how they did the announcement and how they transitioned from this announcement to getting everybody to upgrade.” There are so many small messages, and I know for most of you guys, you’re watching and paying attention, but it just blows my mind, the people that are upset. The one, I laughed so hard, “I’ve never seen any other software company send out emails like this.” And I was like, yeah, but do you see any other software company growing as fast as us. Instead of being annoyed by it be like, ‘man, maybe they know something these other software companies don’t know. Maybe they’re blending of direct response and all these things with software growth is the reason they’re having so much success. Maybe instead of being angry and upset by about it, I should look at like, what are they doing? Why’d they do that? What can I learn from this?’ So I know I’m speaking to the choir because I know you guys are my hard core funnel hackers, you are the ones who care the most about marketing and growth and all these kind of things. But it just blows my mind that I see people who are angry about me marketing to them. And it’s like you literally came to me to learn marketing, and you may pay a thousand or ten thousand dollars for a course, or $300 a month for our software, these things you’re paying for but then when I’m actually doing marketing you get upset. And it’s like, why would you do that? I’m literally, you have a front seat show to the marketing you’re trying to learn from. You’ll pay me a thousand bucks for a course to learn how to create campaigns, and create buzz and to build your following and things like that and to increase your valuation and make more money, but when I actually do it you get upset. Stop being upset, step back and be like, “oh my gosh, I literally have a front row seat to some of the greatest marketing campaigns ever executed in the history of the market. And that’s the way you guys should be looking at it. I know that you guys do, but it just always blows my mind. I want to tap those people on the shoulder and be like, “You missed it. You missed the whole point. You got annoyed when I marketed to you, when you came to me to learn marketing. Step back for a second and put your feelings on the shelf and be like, ‘oh my gosh, what is happening here?” For example, I was watching some people who were very intelligent, and probably I’m sure that you are listening to this because if you’re intelligent and you love marketing you’re already listening to this podcast. But some people are breaking down like, “Did you guys notice how Russell didn’t just say, ‘hey everyone, upgrade to $297 and you’ll get this new thing.’ That would have been an improvement offer, here’s Russell improving it. So instead what Russell did in the presentation is created a new opportunity, a new thing called Clickfunnels Platinum. And Platinum was this amazing new thing, new opportunity, not an improvement offer, a new opportunity, and it’s a $697 thing, but then they discounted it to $297, and then they gave it to everybody who had the old offer for free.’ It was showing that the lesson I taught in Expert Secrets about new opportunity, they saw it and then saw how I executed on it. And it’s like, man, I hope that you guys saw that, because if any of you guys have a program you’re trying to get more people into its like, I can go and make an improvement offer. “Hey we made this product better, you should all upgrade.” Or you create a new opportunity, a new thing, and then you give it to the people who are already there. It’s a little nuance that’s the difference between tens of thousands of dollars and tens of millions of dollars. So it’s like, I hope you guys saw that nuance, because it was little, it was subtle, most people missed it. But those who are listening with the right ears, they saw it and they’re like, “Oh my gosh, look how Russell presented this offer, it was a new opportunity not an improvement offer.’ Because of that it’s different, it’s what causes a buzz and creates the virality and gets these people excited. And then I just didn’t upsell, people who already had it, I gave it to them for free. So all the sudden it’s like, ‘Oh my gosh, the most faithful members get rewarded for already being there.” which causes more community and more stick and more excitement, and more passion for us and the brand and everything. We’re not penalizing existing members, we’re rewarding them. That was a huge shift. Anyway, there’s so many cool lessons. I should sit down one day and diagram all the stuff that I was doing that hopefully you guys saw. But if not, go back through the campaign, go back through the emails, go watch the stuff that happened and look at it like, this is a marketing campaign. I just sat on the front row of this thing happening in real time. Let me experience it through that lens. Anyway, I hope that that makes sense for you guys. Go back and watch the presentation, watching the slides, watching the hype, watching the buildup, watching those things. But look at it as if you just paid me ten grand for consulting about how to launch your next campaign, and look it through that lens and be like, ‘Oh my gosh, what am I learning? What am I seeing here?” I always used to say when I was getting started in this business, I would buy everybody’s products, but rarely did I actually go through the people’s products, I mostly bought it because I wanted to see the process of everything, not just the funnel. I always talk about funnel hacking, and people are like, “Oh yeah, I buy the products, I saw page one is this, page two, page three is this.” That’s part of it, that’s the funnel, but what about everything else? What created the excitement and the buzz to get me into the funnel? What do the ads say? What do the emails say? What was the messaging, the tone that, all those things, the positioning? And then when I went through the funnel, not just here are the pages of the funnel, but what was the messaging of the funnel? What did they say and why did they say it? What were the hooks and the stories, and how are things positioned? Those are all the things that it’s hard to teach, it’s hard for me to write a book and be like, “Okay, you should be doing this to create buzz.” It’s hard to teach those things, but instead watch it. And you’ll be like, ‘Oh my gosh, I’m getting the greatest teaching lesson of all time by seeing the process, by understanding it, by learning it.” Don’t be annoyed because we’re the only software company doing this, be amazed that we’re the only software company doing this, and we happen to be the fastest growing software company probably of all time. At least non-venture backed. Anyway, I just, I know you guys were paying attention, I know you were watching, but I just wanted to put that out there because it was on my mind today, and I want to congratulate those who are looking for those things. And those who got annoyed by any piece of it, you need to stop and be like, “Look, I came to Russell to learn marketing, and I’m learning the frameworks from the books and from the courses, but I’m seeing the practical application every day in his marketing.” And watch that. That’s something I can’t sell in a book because it’s the art that fits inside the framework. So I’m giving you the framework, here’s the art, pay attention to it. Watch it, enjoy it, be grateful for it, because it is the intangibles that I can’t sell you, that you’re getting for free and have a front row seat to it every single day. It’s funny, back in the day when I was a kid, I don’t know if you guys remember Bill Phillips and Body For Life and Muscle Media, it was this amazing product and movement and supplement line and company and info products. And I remember I was like a 15, 16 year old kid as this company grew up and I was watching it, and I had this front row seat to it and it was amazing. And now you know, the company is, Bill Phillips sold it 15 years ago and it’s kind of died and collapsed and crushed. But man, I always remember sitting back, and Josh Pizoni was in Fiji with us and Josh was one of Bill Phillips’ employees at the time of this whole thing, when it was growing and happening and I was like, man, when I look back to when I was 15 years old and I remember how I felt. I remember what happened. I remember when the ads came out and the magazine, and the letters, and th supplements, and I remember his supplement guides and reading th supplement guides, and going to GMC and seeing 90% of the store of GMC was EAS supplements and how I felt and I would only buy his. I try and remember those feelings, but it was 15 years ago. So me trying to remember one of the greatest marketing campaigns I believe in modern history, trying to remember that from 15 years ago, and being so grateful for the marketing lessons I learned as a 15 year old kid, or whatever. And for you guys, it’s like, you’re at the front edge of history, there’ll be a day in the near future, not the near future, a couple of years from now where I’m going to write the book, Bootstrap.com, that’s the next book I’m going to write. And I’m going to write that book and tell you guys these stories and you’re going to read those and be fascinated by them. Right now you guys are living it. You’re living the bootstrap story, you’re seeing it, you’ve got a front row seat to this stuff, so I just want to make sure you’re paying attention and you’re enjoying it and having a good time with it because someday it’ll be stories I’ll tell you and you know, the marketing grandbabies will come and be like, ‘oh I heard these stories about Clickfunnels and how it grew and what it did’ and you can be like, ‘man, I was there for it. I enjoyed it and saw and learned from it and applied it over here to my business and this is what I did and how I did it, because I saw the marketing that happened here.’ So anyway, you guys have a front row seat to it, it’s unfolding and it’s going to be a cool history lesson in marketing someday, but for right now you guys are there and I hope you’re enjoying the process. Alright, with that said, I gotta jump in, I got a marketing meeting starting in 2 minutes. Appreciate you all for listening, thank you for participating in the campaign and having fun with it. If you haven’t yet and you’re like, ‘what are you even talking about?” go to facebook and click on my fan page, or my personal page, either one, and you’ll see a link to the actual birthday launch video and the replay. Go watch that, and if you go to upgradenow.com you can see the offer, or if you go to funnelflix.com you can see exactly what FunnelFlix is, which is part of the new opportunity that we offered everybody this week. Alright, with that said, appreciate you all, thanks for listening and we’ll talk to you soon. Bye everybody. | The software crashed, Facebook crashed, everything crashed… yet somehow, the show still went on. On today’s episode Russell talks about how the big birthday announcement went. Here are some of the things he talks about that happened during the launch:  What crashed just 30 minutes before the launch, and why they went live anyway. Find out how many people watched the announcements live. And find out what FunnelFlix is and how you can gain access to this amazing new thing.  So listen here to find out some of the excruciating details of the birthday launch, and what actually changed with Clickfunnels itself. ---Transcript--- What’s up everybody, this is Russell Brunson and this is the post birthday launch report, here on the Marketing Secrets podcast. Hey everybody, I hope you guys are all doing awesome. I am actually sitting in the jeep right now, about to start it, but I’m really tired. So I thought I would jump on here real quick and just give you guys an update on what’s been happening. It’s been crazy. I kind of told you guys on the last episode about just some of the stuff building the buzz for the birthday launch, and all the things we were doing. And I’ll kind of give you an update of what happened there, and then what happened today, and I’m not going to lie, it’s a little crazy. So I hope you guys are up for a fun story. So as you know, when I was in Fiji I made the video kind of talking about the rumors and what’s happening, and we posted it, and it went insane, insanely viral, more than anything I think I’ve ever personally done before in the past. And I had people, I had everybody messaging me. My friends, people I hadn’t heard from in 10 years, my dad, I can’t even tell you how many people were messaging me about, “What’s happening? Are you selling?” You know, we were trying to start rumors and it worked like I’ve never seen before. So that was really fun. And we had people registering for Facebook, and I don’t think you can see how many people registered or not. But tons of people registering, and step number one was completed. The buzz and the hype was happening. Last night was Sunday and I don’t know, I knew the birthday launch was coming up, but we had a lot of the other things happening. Thursday and Friday I took off to read the Traffic Secrets book live, so I could find the edits I needed to make. So I was locked down. I got home from Fiji on Tuesday, Wednesday I was trying to get the book edits done, and then Thursday, Friday I read the book live. So this week’s just been crazy. So then Saturday I went with the kids and kind of detached and just played with the kids all weekend long. And then Sunday night, about 9 I was like, I have to do slides for tomorrow. I know what I’m going to say, but I don’t know how I’m going to say it. So I started working slides at 9 and I got done at like 1:30 last night, and then I had to go to bed because I had to lift at 6 because my alarm went off at 5:30. So I went to bed and got like, what is it, like 4 hours, 5 hours of sleep? That’s 4 hours. Dang, no wonder I’m hurting so bad right now. I got 4 hours of sleep, woke up, worked out, raced to the office, and we’re like, “Okay it’s go time.” Went through everything we had to do left. Then I jumped in and started working on slides again, Leon who is an amazing designer, he’s in Miami, he’s in Google slides with me editing slides and making it look crazy. Jake and Nick are working on the software for the new Funnel Flicks, which I’ll tell you what that is here in a little bit. You know, going through that and going through the pages, just the whole marketing team, there’s just a million things happening. And there’s a big party happening in Georgia, and a big Clickfunnels birthday party there, and birthday cake. Everybody’s celebrating and working hard and trying to get things done. And everybody on this side here in Boise is trying to get everything done and make sure it’s working. And thirty minutes before, I’m working on slides as fast as I can, and all the sudden I see a comment in our slack channel from one of the developers working on Funnel Flix, he said something and it was kind of confusing, something’s not working, or whatever. So I was kind of joking like, “Hey, should we postpone the launch?” And he wrote back, “Yeah, you probably should because it’s not working right now.” And I was like, “What? Excuse me? I’m going live in less than 30 minutes. This has to go live. We can’t stop this, this has to happen.” And I run out to them and ask them “What’s happening? What’s happening?” and they’re all trying to figure it out. For the next 30 minutes we’re trying to get things figured out, and I’m running in trying to make sure the camera’s are set up and the lights, and the coordination for how we’re going to do this Facebook live, and all the craziness, running back and forth, and back and forth and finally, it’s 4 minutes before we’re supposed to go live. And I go in there and they’re like, ‘It’s not going to work. Just do your announcement and tell them to come check tomorrow.” And I’m like, “There is no way that I am going to tell people to not buy when I’m on this Facebook Live, we’re here, we’re going to buy. Just keeping working on it and I’m going to figure out some way to spin it, and we’ll go.” And that’s the last thing I said, I ran in and I’m like2 minutes past the time and I’m stressing out, and I told everyone, we had a whole audience, a whole bunch of my team is in there and I’m like, ‘Just so you guys know, the reason I look really super stressed is literally Funnel Flix just crashed and it’s not working and I have no idea what to do and we’re going live. Alright, ready? Go!” So we start this thing and I am sure I looked so nervous and freaked out, because I was and all this stress is happening. So let me tell you some of the good stuff that happened. So what’s crazy is 5000 people were live on at Facebook. Not like, at the end of your facebook live it will say like, “Oh during the time so many people have seen this.” But it was like, no, 5000 were on live, live. The number 5k was live. YouTube had 2000 live. Instagram live had 400. We went on Twitter Periscope, a couple of other ones. All platforms we were close to 8000 people live, which is crazy. We had more when we did the Tony Robbins thing, but that wasn’t my deal. They wanted to come see Tony. But this was for our deal, almost 8000 people live, which is insane. So it was crazy and doing the thing, we had some troubles at first. Normally when I speak, if I’m doing\xa0 a webinar, it’s all slides. If I’m stage it’s me talking and there’s slides happening in the background. But here’s this thing and like, I was talking to the camera and there’s slides and kind of going back and forth to try and time with the video guys who were doing the slides, and we got thrown off a little bit. It was just, I wish I could tell you how much stress was happening. It was kind of crazy. And then I was, on top of that I had this extra layer of stress with my announcement, I’m supposed to be announcing we’re changing Clickfunnels, we’re getting rid of some features that people love, we’re adding some things that people are going to love, but you know, I’ve got to sell it because they’ve got to upgrade to get access to it. I can’t even tell you the amount of stress and pressure and all the things I was feeling. Fear, I was just like, seriously we launch stuff all the time, how is it every time we do a launch it feels like the internet falls apart seconds before. So anyway, I guess halfway through the facebook live something happened and the facebook live crashed, so we lost 5000 people and they had to create a new one, and we got a bunch of people back, but we lost some. Ugh, it was chaos, o much chaos. But I go up there and start doing my thing. I go through my slides, go through my presentation, doing my best. I have no idea if it’s going well, or just going horrible, because I can’t see anybody’s feedback. I’m like, I hope that this is going well. And anyway I do the whole thing and I end and it closes down and people are going crazy. Oh and, I’m not sure if I can tell you …. I’ll kind of go through what I talked about on the Facebook live here in a minute, but I did a price marinade in the middle that I guess in the middle people were flipping out all upset, then when I came back and dropped the price, and they were all cheering on the comments. It was all sorts of craziness. So besides, oh, sorry right before I got to the point where I’m pitching FunnelFlix, I’m going through the FunnelFlix thing and all the sudden Dave bursts through the backdoor and is like waving his hands, I’m like, “What?” He’s like, ‘It’s live.” I’m like, ‘oh it’s live!” They’d been, for the last hour while I’m talking they’re back there trying to get things working and fixed and they finally got it to work, which was like a miracle in and of itself. Anyway, it was chaos, it was crazy and now it’s done. And in a little bit now, they’re editing the video, they’re going to post the replays everywhere. So there should be a replay coming out here in a little bit for everyone to go and watch as well, but it turned out pretty great, despite the chaos and the stress and the pressure and the fear, just all the things. But I’m in the car now about to head home, but I’ll kind of give you a recap on the updates, in case you haven’t had a chance to see. But I highly recommend going and seeing it. Go watch me in my nervousness and my anxiety and go what it all looks like. But basically it’s kind of a twofold thing. Number one is we are doubleing down on our focus of being the category king of sales funnels, which means we’re cutting some features, we’re getting rid of some stuff. So that was kind of the first half of the presentation. I talked about why, and I tried to make it a teaching moment as well, so people could understand the concept of category kings, and hopefully get the wheels in people’s own minds spinning about their own businesses. So that was the first half. The second half is we were launching this new thing. The only reason why people don’t have success with Clickfunnels is they don’t understand the strategy, that’s it. So I was like, I want to make this more accessible to people. How do I make this easier so people don’t have to go buy access to like 20 different courses to learn all this stuff? How do we put it all underneath one roof? So we launched this new thing called FunnelFlix, and FunnelFlix basically gives you, we licensed or we brought in all of my courses from the past, we’re licensing courses from people like Tony Robbins and Garret White, and putting them all into this thing, it looks like Netflix, but for Funnels and funnel related content, and media and things like that. So it’s literally like I don’t know, 50 or 60 thousand dollars worth of courses all inside one members area, looks like Netflix. It’s so cool. So you can go in now and geek out. So what we did is basically launched this new level of Clickfunnels called Clickfunnels platinum and eventually it will be $697 a month, but right now, for those who are getting started right now, it’s $297 a month to upgrade to it. So you get platinum level, which gives you access to all the platinum features of Clickfunnels, plus it gives you access to FunnelFlix and you get all the courses in there for free, which is pretty exciting. Actually, almost all of them, we have another announcement happening at Funnel Hacking Live, and another one happening on my 40th birthday, we’ll launch the next things and talk about the next pieces of it. But that was kind of phase number one. So phase number one is all about focusing on the core Clickfunnels software, taking out all of the extra stuff, and I said it way more eloquently in the presentation, so you should definitely go watch it, and then step two was all about FunnelFlix. Anyway, it turned out really good. So if you want to go see it, if you go to Facebook, YouTube and search Clickfunnels 5year birthday launch, I’m sure it will pull up. If you just want to go check it out, go to FunnelFlix.com and you can see what the new FunnelFlix is, it’s amazing. You see trailers for all the different courses that are in there right now, and/or you can go to upgradenow.com is where if you’re ready to upgrade just go to upgradenow.com and you can upgrade and get access to all this stuff. So that’s kind of what it was and it’s been crazy and hectic and you know, I’m sure there’s still a lot of bugs and stuff we’ll be fixing tonight and tomorrow and over the next week or two weeks. But it is out, we gave birth to it, it is out there in the world. People know about it, people are signing up, people are watching stuff. I saw all these people message me like, ‘I’m watching Garret White’s course.” Or “I’m watching Tony Robbins.” And everyone’s learning and studying and I think it’s going to be really cool for families. They can log in and watch stuff with entrepreneurs and learn from each other. Anyway, hopefully we’re doing the right move. We’re trying to make things better and better for our Funnel Hackers, for our Clickfunnels members. So I figure by doubling down focus on the Clickfunnels software and opening up all the training and making it more simple it will hopefully do that for everybody. So I’m excited, we’re really passionate about this, and just excited to hopefully help change your guys’ lives even more. Also, if you’re looking for a way to make some extra money on the side by answering Clickfunnels tickets, I talked about that in the webinar as well, and the way we’re paying people $3 to answer a ticket. You guys can make money while you’re building funnels and help pay for you Clickfunnels accounts and other stuff by actually going in there and serving other funnel hackers and helping them out. Anyway, it was fun. I recommend going and listening to it, because you’ll learn some stuff and you’ll get to see me awkwardly, nervously fumbling through things. Usually I’m confident in my presentations, I definitely was nervous and anxious, and the fact that the software wasn’t working while I’m standing up there pitching it, and all the other things, it was a lot. But it’s done and it’s out there. Hopefully this gives any of you guys faith for when you’re doing stuff and you’re nervous and anxious and things aren’t working, and things are breaking around you and the world seems to be falling apart, but you can still go and just do it. And just you know, run with the punches, have fun with it, and you know, today could have totally flopped, but luckily it didn’t though. People were upgrading and having success, and it was fun. So hopefully it gives you inspiration to know that even over here, that I am stressing out and fumbling behind the scenes. Things break and things fall apart, but when all is said and done, as long as you just keep moving forward, there’s so many different points where we could have quit and cancelled. I could have cancelled last night when my slides weren’t done, let’s cancel. But it’s like, nope, I gotta get them done. And it could have been like, ‘Oh, let’s cancel it because the software broke.” We’re like, nope, we’re just going to keep pushing forward. We’re like, “Oh, we should cancel because the Facebook live dropped in the middle.” Nope, we just keep moving forward. Just keep running forward as fast as you can. All the obstacles and trials and things will hit and let’s just keep moving forward. Because now it’s launched, now it’s like we take the video replays and restream it, and now we can go and fix the software, now we can go and add the descriptions to all the course lessons. There’s so many things we still need to do, but unless you launch you can’t do any of it. So it’s just like, get it out the best you can and go back and enter in on it. That’s what we did with Clickfunnels, what we did with FunnelFlix, and we’ll probably do in the future as well, but we’re trying our best, and trying to serve you guys the best that we can. So there you go. I appreciate you all. Go check out FunnelFlix.com and if you’re ready to upgrade right now and go get access to all the courses, go to upgradenow.com, they’re all free, you just gotta update your account from the Clickfunnels normal level to Clickfunnels platinum, moving from $97 a month to $297 a month and you get access to all the training and all the stuff. So I hope you guys love it, appreciate you all, thanks for listening, thanks for being a subscriber, and I will talk to you soon. Bye everybody. | Have you been watching the buzz that we’ve been creating? Listen in on my thoughts about what we’re doing and why. On today’s episode Russell recounts how an announcement he’s making on Clickfunnels’ 5 year birthday got so much buzz. Here are some of the exciting things you will hear in this episode:  How so many rumors about an upcoming announcement came from a simple two minute video. What some of the rumors going around about Clickfunnels 5 year birthday announcement are. And how studying the story of P.T. Barnum helped Russell see why creating buzz would be a better way to make announcements.  So listen here to see how so much buzz was created around this announcement, and don’t forget to watch Facebook Live on Monday to find out what the announcement actually is. ---Transcript--- What’s up everybody? Good morning, good morning. This is Russell Brunson and I want to welcome you back to the Marketing Secrets podcast. Today I’m going to be reading the second half of the Traffic Secrets book. Alright, so I’m not actually reading it on this podcast. That’d be the longest podcast of all time. But I finished the Traffic Secrets book, did I tell you this already? We’re back from Fiji, and right before we went to Fiji we submitted the final manuscript to the publisher and then they have their editors go through and then send it back to us and we have to do our last edit. And then next Friday, a week from today, I have to submit it and at that point I can never touch it again. So I was kind of freaking out about it because when I read the Dotcom Secrets, and Expert Secrets books, when I finished those, after I got done I went and I remember I recorded the audio versions of them. And as I was recording the audio book versions I found all these mistakes and errors that I hadn’t found even though I read the book like 100 times through. But because I was publishing those through a smaller publisher I was literally able to make the audiobook, make changes, send it to them, and they changed it last minute and then we started printing them. But with this book, the book doesn’t come out until May 5th so it’s like, I don’t know, 7 or 8 months from now, which makes me sad because I want to start selling it tomorrow, because that’s what I do. But we have to wait for forever. So my audiobook I’m probably not going to record until next march or something. At that point it will be too late to make edits and stuff. So I was kind of freaking out, so I thought, I’m going to just do a live reading of it, that way I can read it out loud and I can edit it. So that was the plan. Then I was like, maybe I should invite my traffic team so they can hear my thoughts on traffic to make sure we’re all in alignment. So I invited the traffic team. And then we’re like, wait a minute, if we’re doing this anyway, we might as well record it because who knows, maybe something cool will come from it. So we’re like, if we’re going to record it we should set up a big set, it’s kind of like that book If You Give a Mouse a Cookie. So then we set up the big set, and we’re like, this looks amazing. We should sell access to it. So basically for anyone who bought a Funnel Hacking Live ticket by right now, gets to come and listen to me read the Traffic Secrets book live. So I read the first half of it yesterday, it took like 8 hours. It was really tiring and exhausting. But I did it. So we did that first. And then when that was, so then today I’m reading the second half. So that’s what’s been happening over here. And it’s kind of fun actually reading it that way. It’s interesting, as I’m reading it, for the most part I’m liking all of it. There’s a couple parts I’m just like, ugh, this reads really weird. Or I don’t feel it here. Or I’m getting bored reading this part. Or this part was really fun and exciting. You know, there’s definitely different parts. And then it’s also funny because I found things that the editors edit, and I’m like, I don’t like how that was said, or I don’t like how this thing…you know what I mean? So I gotta change this back, or I gotta add in my voice back in here. Anyway, I remember my grandpa, my grandpa was a professor at BYU, a history professor, and he wrote like, I don’t know, 10 different books on like Columbus and all these old history things that he obsesses about. My grandpa obsesses about history like I obsess about marketing. Anyway, I remember him telling me back in the day when I was a kid, he’s like, “Yeah, when you write a book and send it to the publisher, when you get it back from the editor, you won’t even recognize the book, it doesn’t even sound like you anymore.” I remember him saying that and I’m like, that doesn’t make any sense. But then I totally see that. And luckily for me my editors have been really good at, they’ve kept my voice in and for the most part they’re just cleaning up punctuation and things like that, and things that I say, when I’m saying things repetitively. But it’s just funny because there’s some things they keep changing, and I’m like, “I’m not changing that. This part has to stay in the book.” Anyway, so it’s just kind of fun. Anyway, so today’s lesson has nothing to do with what I just talked about. As you may or may not know Clickfunnels is having our 5 year birthday on Monday. So we are making some changes and having some fun things. So we thought well, we need to get people to come on a Facebook live so I can announce these changes. And we thought, we’ll just do a Facebook live, but if we did that, who knows how many people would come on? So we decided, I wanted to make it more of a formal presentation, and there’s some big changes and some updates and some things happening. So I made these, talking about these changes and now we need to get people to show up and be excited for this thing. So how do we stimulate growth and excitement? And it’s fun because I’ve been studying over the last year a lot of P.T. Barnum’s life. And P.T. Barnum, if you haven’t seen the Greatest Showman, the movie is amazing, but if you study P.T. Barnum’s life, he is the king of publicity and shows. In fact, two days before he died, he wrote his own obituary and published it to the newspapers, that he had died and told this whole story. And people messaged, came afterwards like, ‘You’re still alive. Why did you publish your obituary?” and he’s like, “Oh, I thought that the news of my death would help sell tickets to the circus.’ Or something like that. He’s always about creating the buzz and the story and excitement and whatever to be able to sell more tickets, or deliver the message, or whatever the thing might be. So for us we were thinking, how do we cause some noise, get some excitement? Let’s make this not just like, “Hey, Russell’s doing an announcement, you should show up.” Because then no one’s going to show up. Like, we need people to get excited. And what’s happened, it’s been a show. We could write a whole book on what happened. So what happened is initially we’re like, “What if we got people to start rumors? We got people to go post on Facebook, ‘oh did you hear the rumors that CLickfunnels is selling?’ or things are happening.” So we were thinking about that, and it’s not really as good. So instead what we did is when I was in Fiji I recorded a video, and the video if you haven’t seen it yet, it’s on Facebook and YouTube, but it’s me kind of talking about some of these changes. And I’m obviously nervous about it, and I didn’t try to hide that, and I made this very vague, very cryptic announcement. And I talked about what some of the rumors are. Some people have rumors that we’re acquiring a company, some people, some rumors are that we’re selling, we’re going public, or I’m retiring, all these things. And I haven’t been able to tell anyone, but I’m going to tell everyone on Monday. So that’s been kind of the thing. In fact, I think this podcast will probably go live today, so if that’s the case then you know about it now. It’s happening on Monday. So Monday the announcement will happen and I’ll tell you guys about what it is afterwards, and if you’ve been listening to the podcast you have some hints and some updates. One of the big one’s is that this is just one part of a three part announcement. One part we’re announcing right now, one part we’re announcing at Funnel Hacking Live, and one part we’re announcing on my birthday, March 8th.\xa0 So these are three big, fun, exciting things that are happening. So anyway, the reason why I’m telling you this is because what’s happening has been crazy. I’ve been watching people online meltdown, I’ve been watching people post on their own page, “What’s happening?” People taking bets, like, “I think Clickfunnels is selling. I think this is happening. I think Russell is doing this. I think this.” And everybody is speculating like crazy. And it’s causing all this buzz. And it’s been insane to me because I’ve been getting text messages from all my friends, people I haven’t heard from in a long time. People texting me, “Good luck on the news. Good luck on this. We’re nervous for you, we’re praying for you.” all these things. Today I got in the car to take my kids to school and I pick up these other kids in the neighborhood, and when the kids jumped into the car, again, these are kids that go to school with my kids, the first thing he asked was, “What’s your announcement that’s happening on Monday?” I’m like, “What, what?” and my kids are like, “What dad? What’s happening?” I’m like, ‘Oh my gosh, this has gotten all the way to the neighborhood kids. They’re like, ‘Yeah, my parents were talking about it last night for like 30 minutes trying to speculate what they thought was going to happen.” And it’s like, oh my gosh, this is so cool. So I hope you guys are watching this because there is a real announcement that is happening, there are multiple announcements happening over the next couple of months. But we could have easily just gone and told people, “Hey, we’re making an announcement about blah.” But instead we talked about, we’re making an announcement and it’s not these things. And by talking about what’s it not, we didn’t say it’s not about these things, we said that “people are speculating that it’s about these things, but I’ll tell you exactly what it is.” And by saying that and saying what people are speculating, then it caused people to really speculate, and it’s caused all this controversy and all these people talk9ing about it, and it’s just been one of the most organic. fun, cool promotions we’ve ever done. So it’s got my mind thinking, man I don’t want to ever speak or do a Facebook live or do an announcement without this kind of buzz behind it. How do we craft this, how do we choreograph this, how do we create this when we have a new webinar coming out? Or we have a new thing? How do we make it so we get this kind of buzz behind it? Because it causes it, you know, we get people talking about your business and creating speculation and all these things. It’s really, really fascinating. It’s been crazy. And I’m excited to see on the Facebook live Monday how many people actually show up. I don’t think it’s going to be a few, I think it’s going to be insane amounts of people. Just from the amount of people who have texted me personally, people who I haven’t heard from in years, people who are all in the middle of this. The neighbor kids and their parents talking about it, you know online seeing people posting on their own social profiles, and people you know, just causing this controversy and it’s been really fun to watch, and a really interesting marketing lesson. So for you, I’d start looking at your business like what’s an announcement you could make, or you should make? And then how do you cause the buzz behind that? It also makes me think about that for any new webinar I do, or any new announcement, or any new product, or any new whatever, how do you craft that much engagement? \xa0Stephen Larsen when I was at his Offermind event, he talked a lot about how a lot of people think it’s just the offer, or just the funnel. It’s like, no, those are parts of it. You have to have an amazing offer, you have to have an amazing funnel, but then it’s like, the campaign you create that causes the buzz that pushes people into that funnel. That’s a whole ‘nother art and science, the art of creating campaigns and creating buzz and doing these kind of things. And it’s interesting, if you watch the people that are great at this, I’ve been watching, as I’ve been writing the book and editing the book and things like that, every once in a while my brain has a lot of pain. So I’m like, I gotta take a 20 minute break on something. So I’ll go and I’ll watch different things, things that are short though. So like, for example, I was watching the Connor McGregor/Khabib fight, which all my UFC fighter friends and wrestlers would know this. But it was this big fight that happened a couple of months ago. So I watched that. But I was watching all the pre-stuff that built up to the fight. It wasn’t just two dudes stepped in a ring and started fighting. It was like, no there’s campaigning, and trash talking, and pre-weigh ins, and the stare down, and trash talking. And then after the match there’s Khabib jumping over the side of the cage, and all these things that caused the drama, it’s all the campaign build up that makes us care about this fight. Because if two people just jumped in a ring and started fighting nobody would care, it’s what’s the campaign ahead of time that creates the buzz and makes people want to know what’s happening. So that’s what I want you guys thinking about with your businesses. It’s like, what are the things I can do? A really good book to read, probably the best book to read on this, Joe Vitale wrote this book called, There’s a Customer Born Every Minute, and it’s the life story of P.T. Barnum, through the lens of how he did his marketing. I sent this two years ago to all of the Two Comma Club X students. I was like, “Read this book, you guys. It is so good.” But P.T. Barnum, like I said, he lived back in the early 1900’s and this is before the internet and everything. So he had to go and create this buzz to get people to come to the show. And again, if you watched the Greatest Showman, you saw a glimpse of it. But if you study his life, especially that book, that book is really good, There’s a Customer Born Every Minute, by Joe Vitale.\xa0 If you read that book, you’ll see how he created all these things. He called them humbugs. We need to create a humbug, which is like a fake story to cause buzz. And back then they didn’t have FTC, they didn’t have the legal regulations. Most of the stuff that P.T. Barnum did back then would probably be illegal nowadays. But he did these things to create buzz. Stephen Larsen at Offermind was showing, he did this campaign where it was like, I can’t remember what it was, it was like a mermaid-monkey or something. But basically it was like a big fish and a monkey and he took the corpse of it and sewed it together so it looked like it was a monkey mermaid, or something like that. I can’t remember. He put these ads in the newspaper showing the picture of this monkey-mermaid, and it was literally he just took a dead monkey and a dead, huge fish and sewed them together, but used that as publicity to get people to come to the circus and come to his museums, and all these crazy things. So I just want you, I hope you’re watching this campaign. I hope that you’re paying attention. I hope you’re thinking about, what can I do in my business to stimulate growth and controversy and people talking? Because man, this is the best viral, free, organic exposure of anything we’ve ever done. And it all started with a two minute video I filmed in Fiji, telling the story about the rumors people have been throwing around. And if I’m completely honest, there were no rumors. I caused those rumors. So there you go, just for my Marketing Secrets friends, you guys know behind the scenes. I’m the one. There was nobody saying, ‘I wonder if Clickfunnels is getting bought or sold or going public or going, if Russell’s retiring or whatever. None of those things people were saying, but I said, in my video I said, “There’s been whispers of this.” And it was, I was whispering about it with my team. But by putting those things out there, it caused the whispers, it caused the things. Anyway, it’s fun. It’s exciting. I think you guys all are going to enjoy it. So hopefully you’re enjoying the show. Come on Monday, again, depending on when you get this, Monday we’ll be making the first of three big announcements, and they are big announcements, each one progressively bigger. And then there’s one, there’s one thing I can’t tell you guys all yet. Even on these announcements that I’m excited for. But I did buy, just so you know, I bought bootstrap.com, and my next book is going to be called Bootstrap.com and it’s going to be telling the Clickfunnels story. And in that book I’ll be able to tell you the full story. Anyway, there’s reasons I can’t explain it all right now, that will make more sense when you read the book someday. But yeah, that book I’m excited for. It’s going to be my first non-how-to book. It’s going to be just the story, the story of Clickfunnels. How did this come to be? How did all the weird characters meet together to create this thing, and the movement and the ups and the downs and all the stuff?\xa0 So how many of you guys are pumped for that book? I’m excited.\xa0 Anyway, with that said, I’m going to bounce. I appreciate you guys all for listening. I hope you have a good day, and if you do get this before Monday, I’ll see you on the Monday announcement. And if you get this later, that’s totally cool, my next podcast episode will probably be recorded, or one of the near future ones will be talking about that and what came from it. So we’ll go from there. Thanks everybody and we’ll talk to you soon. | My surprising transformation from my last trip to Fiji to this trip… On this special episode recorded in the Namale Resort in Fiji, Russell reflects on the last time he was there, and how different his life is than he had expected. Here are some of the cool things you will hear about on today’s episode:  Where Russell’s business was when he first went to the Namale Resort ten years ago. What he thought he’d be doing in ten years, and how it’s different from how it actually is. And why Russell and Tony Robbins both believe people overestimate what they are capable of doing in a year, and underestimate what they are capable of doing in a decade.  So listen here to find out how Russell’s expectations from ten years ago differ from his reality now. ---Transcript--- Bula everyone, this is Russell Brunson, I want to welcome you back to the Marketing Secrets podcast. Today I am messaging you guys from the beautiful Namale resort in Fiji and I got something really cool I want to share with you guys. Alright everybody, so I am in Namale, like I said, which is actually Tony Robbins’ private resort here in Fiji that he bought like 30 years ago, and over the last 30 years has been developing it into what it is now. And we just got done with a big huge mastermind meeting for everybody who was part of the Mastermind.com launch. And it was the top ten affiliates that got to come here, so we had so much fun with some amazing people. It was obviously Tony Robbins and Dean Graziosi, then you have Jenna Kutcher who is the number one affiliate, Lewis Howes, Brian Delaney, Nick Unsworth, I’m going to forget everyone’s names right now, now that I’m on the spot. Anyway, some amazing marketers in a whole bunch of different industries, and it’s been really fun this last week, masterminding and hanging out with them. And now we are actually packed up and about to head out. And as we’re getting ready to leave I was just thinking about a lot of things. Some of you guys know, if you’ve been following me on Instagram or Facebook or anything, I actually had a chance to come here ten years ago, in fact it’s almost ten years ago to the day, it’s crazy. And when we got here this time was kind of special, we got here and the car drove up and when you come to Namale, there’s all these amazing Fijians that come and greet you and sing to you, and Tony was there, it was kind of cool. Tony’s there singing and giving us all hugs and everything as we got here, which was really special. Then they started taking us to our rooms, they said, “Hey Collette and Russell, you guys are in the Bula House.” And we’re like, “What? We were in the Bula house ten years ago, which is crazy.” But we got to have a chance to come here with our kids and I’ll kind of tell you that story a little bit more in a minute. But we got the Bula house and as we’re walking through it was so cool because we’re like, “Oh my gosh, I remember being here a decade ago.” And I remember there was this spot in the floor, I was like, ‘That’s where I was the very first time that I emailed Dylan Jones,” who was one of the original founders of Clickfunnels. I’m like, “I emailed him there the very first time and asked him if he wanted to do some design work for me, and he said yes. And we communicated while I was sitting in that spot right there, which was ten years ago.” Anyway, it’s kind of crazy. So as Collette and I were leaving, getting ready to leave today we were walking around the resort and kind of looking at stuff and talking about the last ten years. And it’s crazy because, if you’ve ever been to a Tony event, he says this a lot. He says, “Most of us, as humans, will overestimate what we can do in a year, but will underestimate what we can get done in a decade.” And I was talking to Collette, I said, “Think about this, ten years ago we were here, I was on top of the world.”\xa0 I thought I knew everything, I thought I was, you know, I don’t know, I was definitely not the same Russell I am now. I was more impressed with myself, I would definitely say. And I remember being here and speaking and you know, I’m, what am I 39 right now, so I would have been 29 years old. So I’m a 29 year old kid at Fiji speaking at Tony Robbins’ business mastery, and I’m just thinking I’m on top of ht world. And what’s crazy, after we were there, we were here in summer ten years ago, and then we went to Date With Destiny in December of that year, my wife and I. At the time we had about 100 employees and business was doing okay, not great, but we were making a lot of sales but the revenue was really, really small, looking back now. And then in January of that year, January 19th or something, is when all of our merchant accounts got shut down. And it was the first time that I had ever had a real legitimate struggle, and everything got shut down. And it ended up taking us almost three years to recover from that. So that was ten years ago, so the next three, so seven years ago. It took us that many years to recover from this thing where I owed the IRS so much money, I had all these debts and back taxes and all this….it was crazy. I’m not going to go deep into that story, some of you guys have heard me tell it before. But it was a really dark, scary time. I went from 100 employees down to 20, down to like 5, and just trying to figure out how in the world I’d keep the doors open. How do I keep paying the bills? How do we survive? And it’s crazy, in a matter of six months from being here in Fiji, six months later I lost almost everything. And then, again, it took like three years to get out of the hole, get back on top, have some success. And in that journey of those three years is where I had a chance to meet Todd Dickerson, who is the cofounder of Clickfunnels. I had a chance to meet him and start working with him, and again, some of you guys have heard this story before, I’m not going to go too deep into it, just because of time. But you know, he started working with us back when I had no money to even pay him. And he started working for free, he worked for free for an entire year. That was 7 years ago, maybe 8 years or whatever that was, 7 or 8 years ago. And then a little bit after that is when we had the idea for Clickfunnels. So we spent a year building Clickfunnels. That was, so six years ago we had the idea for Clickfunnels. Then 5 years ago Clickfunnels launched, and the last 5 years have been insane, as you’ve probably seen. In fact, our 5 years Clickfunnels birthday is a week from today, actually, from the day I’m recording this. So in one week it’ll be our 5 year birthday. So in the last 5 years we’ve just been running like crazy. And it’s just crazy as I think about this, because I’m back now in Fiji at the same spot and I’m thinking, oh my gosh, last time I was here I thought I had everything figured out, and little did I know that six months later my whole world would get flipped upside down, my business had crashed, I lose everything. I lose friends, I lose teammates, I lose everything I’d built to that point that I thought was so impressive and so special, was gone. And then the rebuild happened. And it’s crazy because as I was walking with Collette today on the beach talking about it, I started thinking, I told her, “Isn’t that interesting that it comes back to Tony Robbins’ quote. We always overestimate what we think we can get done in a year.” I thought that a year from being in Fiji, I remember sitting in the event and teaching my session and listening to everybody else’s, I’m like, oh my gosh I’m going to go from, I think I was at about 8 or 9 million dollars a year at that point, I’m going from 8 million to 80 to 100, and I had these visions of what I was going to do. I thought in the next year or two I was going to be at this number, and I wasn’t. In fact, it was the opposite, the whole thing crashed, and I lost almost everything. And then it kept working, kept working, kept learning, kept growing, kept failing, kept failing, kept trying, kept failing, kept failing, kept failing, then had a little success, then a little success, then a little success and they built up on each other. The first one built onto the second, the second to the third, and now over a ten year window, which literally, almost ten years to the day, a ten year window, I never would have guessed in a million years we’d have a company that we should do over 150 million dollars in sales this year, our evaluation is pretty close to a billion dollars right now. I never would have fathomed that was possible. So I underestimated what I thought was possible in a decade and now I’m here a decade later looking at it. So I wanted to share that for a couple of reasons. Number one, is just for myself to remember. I could go back home and in six months from now I could lose everything. I could lose Clickfunnels again, I’ve got to be okay with that because I have no idea what the Lord, or what God, or whatever you want to call it, has in store for you. What are the lessons you need to learn for you to become who you need to become. There’s no way I could have become who I am today had I not had these struggles and these trials. So it’s kind of reminding myself of that. Number two is helping me and hopefully all of you guys realize that we’re trying to like get this business to start, I gotta have a success, I need to make sure it’s making money right away. And we’re always pushing, pushing, pushing trying to make it happen today. Just keep moving forward and keep doing your thing, but realize that all of us, what we think is possible in a year is probably not going to be possible, but what we think is possible in a decade, we can do so much more of that. But it comes back down to planning these consistently, moving it forward, doing something, trying, moving forward, doing something, trying, moving forward, and that consistency is what gives you the ability so in ten years from now, everything has changed. So that hopefully gives you guys some faith and some hope for those who are struggling right now, who have been working hard towards the goal in your six month, or year or two years in, you’re not hitting where you want to be. It’s okay. You’re probably overestimating what’s possible in a year, but you’re underestimating what’s possible in a decade. So keep moving forward. You’ve got to put ten years into this. Ten years in this business, into whatever it is you’re pursuing, whatever it is you’re going for, and in a decade from now you’ll be shocked at what’s possible. So I just thought it was kind of cool because I’m here, literally staying in the same place, literally at the same resort, same place, all these things ten years later, to have this rare chance to look backwards and be like, “Oh my gosh, he was right.” And here we are now on the other side of a decade and it’s pretty amazing. So I’m excited. I’m excited for myself, I’m excited for you, I’m excited for what’s going to happen over the next ten years of my life and my business, what’s going to happen over the next ten years of your life. How many people’s lives can you affect, can you change in the next decade, if you just keep pursuing what you’re pursuing with the intensity you are right now, and not slowing down, not giving up. If you knew that, if you knew that oh my gosh, it’s not going to pay off this year, but in a decade it’s going to pay off a million times more than I ever thought was possible, if you knew that and you believed that, what would you do differently? How would act differently, how would you plan, how would you prepare, how would you move forward, what would you learn, what would you focus on if you were looking at a bigger picture ten year glimpse as opposed to a one year glimpse? So that’s kind of the reminder for me and also for you.I hope this helps and I hope that someday you guys have a chance to be sitting in Fiji here with me and we can talk about it and be like, “Oh my gosh Russell, you’re right. I listened to that podcast episode 5 years ago, 8 years ago, and I was struggling, I didn’t know what was going to happen. I had been trying this business and trying this thing, and nothing was working, and now here I am a decade later, and oh my gosh, you’re right. I persevered past the year mark, then the three year mark, and the five year mark, and we got it.” It’s crazy, if I would have looked back even 5 years ago, 5 years ago Clickfunnels hadn’t launched yet. If I look back 5 years ago and talked to that Russell and been like, “Remember 5 years ago when you were in Fiji, are you close to where you thought you were going to be?” And I would have been like, “I was making way more money 5 years ago. I was having way more success. I was on top of the world. I thought I had everything figured out, and now 5 years later I’ve not gotten back to where I was at. What’s wrong with me? What am I missing?” But I was laying the foundation for something bigger and greater, and I didn’t even know it at the time. A lot of things you don’t understand and see until you look backwards. But anyway, I hope that gives you guys some belief in what’s possible as well. With that said, we are going to be jumping on a plane. We’ve got a little flight back to the main island in Fiji, then an 11 hour flight back to the states. And then we’ll get home and see our little kids, which I am so excited for. And then we get back to it. The Traffic Secrets book was submitted last week, so I got the edits back from the publisher today. So it means I gotta kind of go through it one last time before it’s done, and it out of my hands. We’re also this weekend going to be doing a live reading of Traffic Secrets, which I am really excited for, because when I edited the Dotcom Secrets and the Expert Secrets books, before I sent the final one in I recorded the audio book. And when I recorded the audio book I found a bunch of mistakes that I didn’t notice when I was just reading it over and over again. So I was like, I don’t have time to record an audio book, so we’re doing a live recording, and anybody who’s got a ticket to Funnel Hacking Live has an opportunity to kind of come to that and listen in. That’s happening Thursday and Friday. So that means if you haven’t got your tickets yet to Funnel Hacking Live, now is the time, go to FunnelHackingLive.com. Also, just kind of an exciting thing, we’ve got some really fun plans, my brain’s been spinning on some changes to this podcast, to a bunch of other cool things that will be coming out here in the very near future, so I look forward to sharing those things with you as well. But I wanted to thank you guys right now for being faithful subscribers, and we’re going to keep rewarding you with more amazing, cool stuff coming up here in the very near future. So with that said, thanks you guys for listening, I appreciate you all. If you enjoyed this episode, please take a snapshot of it on your phone, go to Instagram or Facebook, tag me on it, and use #marketingsecrets, that way I’ll be able to see what your thoughts and your comments are on this episode. Also, if you’re not subscribed now, go to iTunes, you can open the Apple Podcast app on your phone, if you’re using Apple, click on subscribe. Make sure you’re subscribed to the show, that way you get all the notifications when the new shows come out. And with that said, I appreciate you guys and I will talk to you all soon. Bye everybody. | Are you watching the strategy behind what we're doing and why we're doing it? If not, start watching closer. On this episode Russell talks about making some strategic chess moves with Clickfunnels in the near future that won't make sense to people on the outside. Here are some of the awesome\xa0things to look for in today's episode:  When you can look forward to some announcements from Clickfunnels, and why you should look at the underlying strategies. And hear an example of somebody else in the business that is also making strategic moves, and why Russell thinks they are doing it.  \xa0So listen here to find out when Clickfunnels will be making some announcements, and find out why Russell wants you to look at the strategy behind it. ---Transcript--- Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets podcast. Today we are going to talk some strategy. Alright, so I don’t even know how or where to go with this podcast episode, other than I have been having so much fun recently watching the great strategic minds play chess in their business. So what do I mean by that? First off, let me give you guys a glimpse of what’s happening behind the scenes with me. I can’t give you all the details unfortunately but I’m going to give you some hints. So you’ll be able to see as I’m playing chess over the next 6 to 9 months. I am making some very big, strategic decisions, things that on the outside will look stupid, like “Why did you do that Russell? That doesn’t make any logical sense.” And it won’t from the outside looking in, but the inside looking out, they’re all very strategic chess moves. I’m moving a piece here, I’m moving something here, I’m changing something here. And while you are able to see the movement of the chess piece, my guess is you will not be able to understand the overall strategy for a while. And I wish I could tell it all to you, but I am someday going to write a book about this whole thing. So sometimes strategically you move a chess piece somewhere and someone ends up checkmating you, so I’m hoping that doesn’t happen. So I’m not calling my shot that it’s going to be flawless, but I’m definitely moving some chess pieces around. But it’s all very strategic and I’m excited to kind of see what happens from it, and the growth and the changes, and the…I’m sure initially I’m going to probably offend some people, upset some people, I’m lose some customers in the short term, but in the long term it’s the essential movement of things that need to happen for the company to grow and for the value of the company to exponentially grow. So like I said, some of the things won’t make sense right away. For example, Clickfunnels, our 5 year birthday is coming up, and for our 5 year birthday I’m doing some announcing of some stuff. So I’m announcing some things that are disappearing from Clickfunnels, and some announcing of things that are being added into Clickfunnels. And they’re very strategic. And it’s funny, as I was making some of these first strategic moves… In fact, let me step down. You’re going to see on the birthday, at Funnel Hacking Live this next year, you’ll see the next set of the strategic moves happening. And then on my birthday, March 8th, you will potentially be seeing the next set of strategic moves. So there’s three dates for you to look at. Put it on your calendar to see the chess pieces moving. And I want you guys looking and thinking strategically, why is he doing this, what’s the reasoning. So those are the things that are happening. But there’s a lot of thought going into them and it’s kind of fun. So what’s been fun for me recently, I’ve been looking at the people that I respect, people that are doing cool things, people that are having momentum, and what their business is. And some people just get lucky, but most people are strategically moving chess pieces around to do different things. So it’s really fun and interesting to watch. It was kind of interesting, as I was trying to decide if I should make some of these strategic moves, I got really nervous and I had this weird impression to message Garret White, I mean Garret J White, I must say it right. So I messaged Garret and just kind of told him a little bit about what’s going on and just checked in with him, and then we started talking back and forth through text message. And\xa0 then he told me what he’s doing strategically, and it was super similar to what I was doing. It was kind of crazy how in alignment we were. It was like, the moves he’s making in his business and the moves I’m making in my business. And so it was kind of fun, and I was like, ‘Oh my gosh, looking from the outside in\xa0 I would have thought you were crazy. But now that I understand the strategy behind it, I’m like oh my gosh, you’re actually brilliant. This is so cool.” So I’m watching it. I’m watching, there’s someone I’ve had a chance to get to know a year ago through instagram, and it’s Nicole Arbour, some of you guys may know her, she made a video back 4 or 5 years ago called Dear Fat People, that went crazy viral. She got a lot of hate for it, a lot people loved it, but regardless created a lot of noise. And it was fascinating to watch her do that a couple of years ago and just kind of, that was kind of interesting, like what’s her strategy? Why is doing this? She’s going to make a lot of people angry, some people happy. But what’s the reasoning? But she’s very strategic in her thinking and in the moves she makes which is fascinating. So I watched her over the last two weeks or so, and again, watching her strategically do her movement. So she made this video, some of you guys may have seen it, talking about Jay Shetty, and kind of calling him out on a lot of the stuff that he had plagiarized, and stuff like that. And she put this thing out there and it went crazy viral on Facebook, Instagram, I don’t know, probably other platforms as well. But between all of them it got tons of views. And it was interesting because then, again, we’re all having the chance to watch this strategic chess pieces, after the fact, so that thing goes viral and it’s like, oh my gosh. And you see what she’s trying to do, she’s trying to get Jay to stop doing these things. And I’m not going to comment on that at all, because that’s beside the point of what I’m talking about now. But she made that video and then a few days later, she started seeding, “I’m about to do my next big video to expose the next person I want to expose.” I was like, oh my gosh, is this her strategy to go and expose a bunch of people, what’s she doing strategically? I want to figure what’s happening inside of her mind as I’m watching this, as she’s building up to it. And she did it on Insta-stories and everything, talking about, it’s coming, it’s coming. And it’s like, boom, she launches it, and the next expose’ is about this person. And she kind of talked about the person, who it is, and all the bad things people say about this person, and then she said, that person is actually me. And it was fascinating because she basically aired her dirty laundry. She put out all the stuff that someone could potentially say bad about her and put it out there. What was cool is it took all the wind out of anybody who would try to retaliate and attack back against her because she’s like, “There it is.” And she did an expose’ on herself, which was really fascinating to see. And it was like, oh my gosh. Anyway, so she put that out there, and that was the next video, and it picked up steam, there’s momentum with the first video, then the second video, the next expose’ that was actually about her, that was the next fascinating video in the sequence. And then she did another one exposing somebody who was trying to expose her. Anyway, it was just fascinating watching the different, it was strategic moves. Again, I don’t know the end goal or who she is trying to checkmate, who or what’s going to happen, but it’s just been fascinating watching as they’re happening, and catching on and being like, oh my gosh this is the strategy that she’s using to get attention and get views and to build her brand, whatever the things are. I actually messaged my entire social media team on Saturday, I was like, ‘I want to make sure you guys are watching this. I’m not having all you guys watching it for the content, you can, that’s cool, but that’s not why. My purpose is strategically watch what she’s doing and leveraging the momentum of one video to the next, to the next, to the next. What do we have where we can do the same type of thing?” How do I make it so my Instagram or my YouTube or whatever, where it’s\xa0 not just random things that we’re putting out there, but there’s momentum and it’s moving towards something, and there’s strategically something happening to build the pressure, to build the noise, to get from point A to point B, point B to point C, and to move people through this journey and this conversation. You know, I think one of my flaws is social media, up to this point it’s been everything is very much one off, here’s the thing we’re doing, here’s the thing we’re doing, and we’re kind of in and out and talk about the thing. Whereas it’s like, what if we turned this into a conversation, what if we turned it into a multi series of events, pulling somebody from thing to thing to thing, causing controversy or momentum or whatever. You know, I don’t think I’m a very controversial, I don’t seek for that, I don’t think my videos need to be controversial like Nicole’s were necessarily, but conceptually, strategically how do I create that in the voice that I have on social media? Anyway, I just hope you guys are watching this game, watch the people at the highest level that are playing, watch what they’re doing and how they’re doing it. We’re always seeing things in hindsight, the person makes the strategic move and we see it afterwards, but start watching those and start noting, why did they do that, what was the purpose? Why did that video happen here? Why did this thing happen here? Why did Russell announce this? Why are they launching this now? What are the pieces? Why did they pull this away? What are the, what’s the purpose? And I think if you guys start looking at that, you’ll start really enjoying this, it’s really fun. You know one of my favorite podcasts is a podcast called Business Wars, and it’s fun because it’s almost like a produced podcast. They pick two businesses that are at war and they produce like 7 or 8 episodes and they tell you the story behind this business war, and this is all in hindsight though, because you see it’s already happened. So it’s like Mac versus PC, Apple versus, excuse me, Mac versus PC, Addidas versus Nike, Marvel versus DC, Paypal versus EBay, all these different business wars that happen. And you watch them and it tells you all the strategic moves that they make, but you’re seeing it all in hindsight, so it’s super fun. In fact, I think, I told the last time I spoke, I told everybody that they should drop out of school and just listen to business wars. That gives you history in business all wrapped into one super entertaining podcast. But I digress, I like listening to that because you get to hear the strategy that happened in the past, in history that made these companies who they are. But man, we’re all sitting right now, having this opportunity to watch as companies are strategically doing things to build themselves right now. We’re reliving it, we’re in the middle of it. Elon Musk, I’m sitting right now in my Tesla, Elon Musk, he files all these patents for the Tesla and for these battery operating cars, and he’s doing the thing and then all the sudden he’s like, “I’m going to open source this and give access to everybody for free.” And you’re like, “Wait, why would you do that? It doesn’t make any sense? This is your intellectual property.” He’s like, “I’m going to open source it, give it to everybody and then everybody can build upon it, and then what’s going to happen because of that, other people are going to fund the building of this huge, all of the charging stations across America, because I can’t fund that by myself. So let me open source the patents, get everybody else building on it, and now we can all build this network that’s essential for my company to survive, which is these charging stations.” So it opened it up and boom, that’s what kind of happened. So it’s just like, it’s just so fascinating and fun to watch these strategic decisions. One of the ones that happened, that’s happening on Clickfunnels birthday next, in two weeks from now. I told Myron Golden, and I love Myron, one of my favorite people ever, and I explained it to him and the next day he came back and said, “Do you realize what you’re doing here?” And I smiled and I’m like, “what? Tell me.” And he said, “If you, when you do this, this is what’s going to happen.” I was like, I kind of smiled, and he was like, “You already knew that.” I’m like, ‘Yeah, that’s the strategy. That’s the chess piece I’m moving.” On the outside you’ll see the move, but I want you to stop and think, why? What’s the reason, what’s he trying to do here, what’s the purpose? And hopefully you guys have fun watching as we go. So that’s what I got, I’m back to the office. I gotta get some work done today. I’m submitting the book tonight, so this is the end of the Traffic\xa0 Secrets book. You guys, I’m submitting it to the publisher. Whoo hoo. It is due at 5:30 pm tonight, so it will be out the door here soon. So wish me luck, and I hope you guys have a chance to read it here soon. Thanks again for everything and we’ll talk to you guys on the next podcast. Bye everybody. | Without this one thing, he would never even let his wrestlers step on the mat. On today’s episode Russell talks about a lesson he learned long ago from Dan Gable about knowing you’re going to win, and how he applies it to his life today. Here are some of the awesome things to listen for in this episode:  Why his daughter’s soccer team didn’t believe they could win, and how that effected the game. How hoping for success is giving yourself an excuse to fail. And how Russell applies one Dan Gable quote to his relationships, business, and when he competes in sports.  So listen here to see why knowing you will be successful is the key to making it happen. ---Transcript--- Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets podcast. I hope you enjoy being here. I try to make a fun, exciting, cool podcast that I would actually want to listen to. So hopefully you guys are enjoying this. If so, make sure to go to iTunes and subscribe, that way you make sure you get all the future episodes that are coming up. With that said, let’s jump into the theme song, and I got something really fun to talk to you about today. Alright, so my lesson for you guys today stems off of going and watching my daughter play soccer this weekend. My daughter, Ellie, she is into soccer and she loves it, and up to this point she’s always been on the, I don’t know what they call it, not the league teams, but like the local Boise league. So it’s like, not a super hard league. So for the last couple of years, the team played together and got better and better to the point now they just thrash everybody. So this year they decided, “Hey, we should go up and go to a bigger division.” So Clickfunnels sponsored them, well I say Clickfunnels, it was really me. I don’t feel good taking money out of Clickfunnels to sponsor, but we sponsored them. And now they got these cool jerseys that have a Clickfunnels logo on the back, which is kind of cool. And they’re playing in this new league and they had their very first game this Saturday. And they’ve been working really, really hard, they got a really good coach, they got good people around them, they’re practicing hard and the girls are doing just awesome. And they’re trying to figure out, this next level, where am I at? Am I going to be good? Am I going to be bad? What’s going to happen? There’s all that fear of the new thing, right. And before we left, I remember Ellie saying, “Well this team’s way better than us, we’re going to get killed.” And she was telling me that as we were driving to go to the soccer game. I’m like, “You can’t say that. You can’t go into a game thinking you’re going to lose, or you’re going to lose. That’s just how it works. You can’t do that.” And I remember watching as they got out on Saturday and started playing, they did really good at first. It was a tied game for a long, long time. Then the other team scored once and then it was like, boom, boom, boom, scored a bunch of times in a row. They fought well, but they ended up losing in the end. But as I was watching them, it reminded me of this video I used to watch, this movie back in my wrestling days. It was a VHS tape that I bought that was talking about arguably one of the greatest wrestlers, and definitely the greatest wrestling coach that’s come out of America, and his name’s Dan Gable. Dan Gable, if you look, he’s like, I talked about him before on this podcast, he’s like the Michael Jordan of wrestling. His name’s synonymous with wrestling. When you hear, “Who’s the greatest wrestler of all time?” people say Dan Gable. So Dan’s amazing and as good of a wrestler as he was, he then went on and started coaching the Iowa, Hawkeyes and they won like, I don’t know, 20 championships in a row afterwards. And he’s one of the most winning-est coaches of all time, of any sport. As good as an athlete as he was, he was an even better coach. So this video we used to watch, it was him coaching his athletes and told Gable’s story and talked about his only lost he ever had. He only lost once in high school, excuse me, he lost once in college, his very senior year, his last match he lost, and he got so upset that he started training for the Olympics, and he worked out 7 hours a day and went to the Olympics. And the Russians specifically said, “We’re going to train an athlete just to beat Dan Gable.” And he went to the Olympics, and not only did they not beat him, but nobody even scored a point on him in the Olympics. And that’s why Dan’s like this legend in our sport. And so he tells that story in the beginning of the movie, so you get all excited. And then it shows him switching to coaching and then what he’d do with his athletes. And I still remember this quote, like Tom and Terry Branch are these twins, who Tom is now the head coach of the Iowa Hawkeyes now that Gable is retired. But I remember him saying in the video, “We used to do stuff that’d make a billy goat puke. That’s how tough Gable’s practices were.” And they showed the practices and talked about \xa0everything. They talked about the mindset and the mentality and all the things that you have to have. But there’s this one quote that I remember I didn’t get when I was a teenager. I used to watch this all the time and Gable said, “I would never let an athlete step on the mat unless he knew he was going to win.” And I remember thinking that, “Well, what if he loses?” And I didn’t get it at the time. But I used to watch that, literally once a week, we’d watch that. Sometimes multiple times a week, because it’d get us all motivated and pumped up for wrestling and for our tournaments. So we’d always watch it ahead of time, me and my wrestling buddies. And every single time that line would come up, it would stick in my head, and I didn’t quite get it. He’d say, “I would never let an athlete step on the mat for me, unless he knew he was going to win.” And as I got through my later years of high school and started competing at a college level, I started understanding that. It was interesting because I, and I’m sure if anyone’s done sports before you probably had this before. But for example, one of my best friends, one of my favorite people, we would wrestle together at wrestling practice, and I had some weird mental thing where I just, in my head subconsciously I thought he was better than me. So every time he’d wrestle, he’d beat me. And not like a close match. He’d beat me like I was a little girl who’d never wrestled before. It was bad. And then me and him would go to a tournament together and we’re in the same weight class, and I would win the tournament and he’d take like 5th. Or we’d go to this tournament and he would lose to somebody by 5 points, and I’d wrestle that same person and I would tech fall him, which means I’d win by more than 15 points, so they stop the match early. And it was just like, for some reason, every time I’d step on the mat with this one guy, my friend, in my head I didn’t think I was going to win, so I’d lose. And it was so frustrating, and so, it just drove me crazy. I don’t get it. I beat all the people you lose to, but I can’t beat you. What’s going on? And that’s when I started hearing this message in my head from back when I was watching this Gable video. “I’ve never let a wrestler step on the mat unless he knew he was going to win, before he stepped out onto the mat.” And I started thinking about that with my daughter. She stepped out on the field and she did not know she was going to win, in fact, she thought you know, we’re probably going to lose. So they went out there and they lost. And I thought of that, how many times in life that message applies. And obviously for the context of this podcast, it has to do with your business. How many times do we get into business where we’re like, “I hope I’m going to succeed. I hope this is going to work. I hope, I hope, I hope.” That’s the equivalent of me stepping out on the mat and saying, “I hope I can beat this guy.” Which means I don’t know if I’m going to win or not, but I hope I can. Right, that’s the mentality that you’re stepping on the mat. And if you do that most of the time, at least the majority of the time you’re going to lose, because you’re hoping you’re going to win. Dan Gable said this, “I don’t let any athlete step out on the mat unless they know they’re going to win.” They may not win, but they must step on the mat knowing they’re going to win. When I step into a business I don’t say, “I hope I’m going to be successful.” I step in knowing I’m going to be successful, knowing I’m going to win. Knowing that no matter what happens, no matter what the trials, the problems, the ups, the downs, the sleepless nights, things like, I’m know I’m going to win. Because if you go into it hoping you’re going to win, when those things pop up, the trials, you’ll be like “I knew I was going, I hoped I was going to be successful, but I kind of knew it wasn’t, in the back of my mind I knew it wasn’t going to be successful.” You let yourself off the hook if you’re hoping it’s going to be successful. You can’t go into something having hope, and thinking I hope I’m going to win. Especially going in thinking, I may lose. You’ve got to go in believing a hundred million percent that, “I’m going to be successful, I’m going to win. I’m stepping on this mat and I’m going to beat that person. I know I can beat them.” Otherwise Dan Gable wouldn’t even let you get on the mat. He would look at you and be like, ‘Nope. You have doubt in your mind, I can see it. Therefore I’m not going to let you compete for me. I’d rather lose this match, have a forfeit than let you step on the mat not knowing that you’re going to win.” And that’s the kind of mindset that he demanded out of his athletes, and that’s why they won the 20-whatever NCAA championships in a row. Because he’d never let an athlete step on the mat unless they knew they were going to win. So for you, as your coach in this marketing sphere, in this business realm, I want to make sure that you guys go in with the same thing. Don’t step into a business unless you know you’re going to be successful. If you don’t know you’re going to be successful, it means you’ve got to step back and spend some time on yourself, on personal development and understanding yourself and your own skillset and believing in yourself enough that you can go out there and have success, otherwise it’s difficult. If I didn’t know I was going to be successful every single day walking into the Clickfunnels office, if I was scared, if I had fear and anxiety and all those things. And I’m not saying those things aren’t there. There are times I’m definitely scared or nervous or excited or all those things, but I know that when I step out on the mat that I’m going to be successful. At 10x Growth Con, when I stepped on the mat, I knew I was going to be successful. And if you watched the first one, I did, I made 3.2 million in 90 minutes. The second one I failed. I fell flat on my face, but regardless, when I stepped on that stage I knew I was going to be successful. Same thing at Funnel Hacking Live, same thing when I speak at other places, same thing when I’m selling on a webinar, I don’t go into hoping it’s going to be successful, I go in knowing it’s going to be successful. And that’s the mindset you’ve got to have. So if you don’t have that mindset yet, it might be the thing that’s holding you back. You’re hoping you’re going to be successful, and because you’re hoping you’re willing and able to let yourself off the hook, and that’s why you’re not hitting the goals and the things you want. So that is my message for you guys today. For you to go out there and again, use this for business but use this as a metaphor for all aspects of your life. There’s the girl you want to ask out on a date, there’s the business venture, the partnership you want to do, there’s the relationship….whatever that thing is, you’ve got to step into that having absolute confidence, absolute certainty, knowing that when you step out on the mat you’re going to win. And if you do that your likelihood of winning will go up. It’s the weirdest thing. You know, me losing to my buddy over and over and over again because I had this seed of doubt in my mind that man, he always beats me, let alone the fact that I beat all the people he loses to, but because I had this belief that he was going to beat me, he beat me. And it was just that, it was a belief and it’s something you can shift, that you can change. And I wish I would have understood that at a deeper level back then, but I understand it now, and I want you guys to understand it now. Because it will make your jobs, your business, your growth, your relationships, whatever you’re looking for, so much better when you go into it with absolute certainty, knowing you’re going to win. That’s my message for today. And with that said, I’m going to leave you guys. Think about that, and if you’ve enjoyed this please, please, please go to iTunes, subscribe to the podcast number one, number two leave a comment, and if you really liked it please take a screen shot of this and post it on Facebook or Instagram and tag me. Do @RussellBrunson and that will tag me on Instagram. If you do @RussellBrunsonLive they’ll tag me on Facebook. And use #marketingsecrets. I’d love to hear what you guys are thinking about this and other episodes. And with that said, appreciate you all, thanks so much for everything and I’ll talk to you guys soon. | Behind the scenes look at the creation of the art that sells the art. On today’s episode Russell talks about the upcoming photo shoot for his Traffic Secrets book, and why we should put as much time and energy into the marketing of our art as we do into the art itself. Here are some of the fascinating things you will hear in this episode:  Why watching Russell’s Instagram, should give you an idea of how he has been marketing his book throughout the process of writing it. Why it is important for Russell to think about the marketing of his book before he has even finished writing it. And what kinds of things Russell is doing and has done for the last year to prepare for the launch of the Traffic Secrets book.  So listen here to find out why you should be spending an equivalent amount of energy on making your art sexy, as you did creating the art in the first place. ---Transcript--- What’s up everybody? This is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the Marketing Secrets podcast. Today I want to talk about a piece of marketing that I hope you guys see me doing. If you follow my Instagram or Facebook you’ve been seeing me do it, but I want to address it because I don’t really talk about it. I think those who are paying attention and those who are listening with ears to hear have kind of picked up on it, but the rest of you guys I’m going to let you in on the big secret. Alright everybody, what is the big secret? I hooked you really good huh. As you guys know I’m at the penthouse right now, if you’ve been listening for the last couple of episodes, and we are tonight going to be trying to get the shot for the book cover. So you look at that and it’s like, “You just take a picture Russell, that should be a simple thing.” But I want to walk you behind the scenes of what has gone into this. Because I think what happens is a lot of times, as creators we’ll spend insane amounts of time working on our thing, on our craft, which is important. If you guys have been watching me and following me on the Expert Secrets, excuse me, what book are we on now-book three, the Traffic Secrets book. I have spent insane amounts of time on this getting it prepared, getting it ready, getting written, getting it….I’m not downplaying that at all. I spend more time writing my books than anybody else I know. Everyone’s like, I got a couple of friends bragging on Facebook this morning, I was dying laughing. It was Anik Singal, for those that know Anik, he’s like, ‘I’ve written two books in the last two days. Both are…” anyway I was like, ‘Oh, that’s the opposite of how I do mine. I’ve written one book in a year and a half. And I spend insane amounts of time…” I’m the opposite. So I get it. When you have art you spend your time because you love it and you create it, and I get it. So I’m not downplaying that at all, continue to be an artist, continue to put your heart and soul in the things you do, continue to stay up late nights and wake up early mornings and kill yourself for your art, because I think it’s important. So I’ll lead with that, the next piece is your art, as amazing as it is, you should be spending an equivalent, not hour for hour, but an equivalent amount of energy and time on the marketing of your art. If you don’t then your art will never be seen. So I’m saying that because if you follow me, and hopefully you guys follow my Instagram because that’s literally if you want a reality show of my life, go to Instagram, watch my stories every day, you’re seeing everything. You see me waking up with my kids, you see me going to school with them, I Instagram and kind of document the whole thing. It’s literally the Russell Brunson reality show. So if you want to go see what’s happening, go and I would recommend it because literally this last 24 hours I’ve been documenting this whole process I’m going to tell you about, and you would have seen it, and it’s fun. And I want to show you guys behind the scenes of everything. If you go to instagram.com/russellbrunson and follow me, and then watch the stories because I’m showing behind the scenes all the time. But anyway, if you’ve been watching you’ve kind of seen this. I’m at the penthouse, my kids are gone, and I’m working on editing the book. But in the process I was like, ‘I need a shot for the cover.” And I’ve had this vision ever since we got the penthouse, I was like, “It would be cool to have this shot where it’s like me looking over Boise the city, and there’s monitors and I’m looking at Traffic stats and working” and it’s similar, if you guys saw the Dotcom Secrets book cover or the trailer for that book, it’s the same kind of concept. It’s a really epic picture that has the city lights in the background. Anyway, that was kind of the vision. So I messaged Brandon Fisher on my team two days ago and I said, “Hey Brandon,” I messaged him at like 11:30 at night. I’m like, “hey, tomorrow I’m going to the penthouse to write the book. I want to create all the footage for the trailers and ads and everything if you want to come down.” So he came down and he spent probably two hours in the day looking at what we could possibly do. Then he went back and got lights and cameras and cranes and gimbles and jigs and I don’t even know what these things are all called, monitors and brought up like four buckets, not buckets, like four trailers, I don’t even know what it’s called, big old wagons full of lights and equipment and stuff like that and he set it up. And last night they were here until almost 1 setting everything up. Probably 7 or 8 hours worth of set up and testing shots and looking at what the light looks like at 6:00 and 7:00 and 8:00 and 9:00 trying to figure out what’s the perfect time, the perfect everything, all this stuff. And we did a bunch of sample, practice shots and a bunch of things and got it looking really good last night. And none of that are we going to use. That was just the test. And tonight everyone’s showing up at about 5:00, we got photographers, video guys, everything, and we’re going to spend from 5 until probably midnight, so 7 or 8 hours, doing all this stuff, with the one goal of getting a picture for the cover of the book. But then that picture is cool, but now we’re trying to get all the b-roll around that. Like videos of me writing on the windows, walking around, doing this, doing that, just all the different b-roll of things that we can then use for the ads to sell the cover of the book, which sells the book, and then from there, we’re capturing stuff for ads, and we keep going backwards. So it’s like, you have the art as your focal point, it’s the center point right, then you step out. They always say, “Don’t judge a book by its cover.” But guess what people do, they judge a book by the cover. So it’s like you put in all the time in to create the art that makes the art, the art that sells the art, right. The cover or whatever it is, for me it’s the book cover. For you it might be a whatever, the branding, the design, but it’s the one layer outside of this little nucleus of your art is the wrap that actually looks exciting. And from there you go one step out further, which is these are the assets we’re paying for the sales video to sell the cover of the book, which sells the book. And then we go from there and step out, which is that we need to create it for the ads, the ads sell the sales video, sell the cover, which sells the book. So when all is said and done we will have put in, I don’t know, probably 20 or so hours at least to capture the picture for the cover of the book, but then we’re creating all the art around it which becomes the ads, the videos, the b-roll, blah, blah, blah, blah. So that’s the part that people don’t often see. They see the book cover, like I can’t tell you how many people now have knocked off my style of book cover, it’s so annoying. It’s like they send their designer, “Here’s Russell’s book. Make something similar.” And then they just slap up some stock image and a logo that looks similar to mine, and there’s their book. It’s like, dude, this is why you’re not going to have a product that’s a perennial seller, that’s going to last forever because you don’t put the energy, the time, the effort into making the art sexy. So that’s the big hook. That’s the big secret, that’s the big key. It’s spending the time to make your art sexy, in fact, maybe I’m going to entitle the podcast that, making your art sexy. Because that’s what most people are missing, it’s not just slapping some images together and throwing it up. Spend a lot of time. You’re not only, we spent time in this shoot, as I was writing the book we caught b-roll of me writing the book. We got b-roll of me here at the penthouse, we got b-roll of me at the office writing and sketching it out. We got b-roll of me at an event teaching this. All those things for the last year, documenting the creation of the process of this thing, are all going to become ads, and parts of the videos and all the things that support the art, now that it’s eventually done. So anyway, I just wanted to share that with you because I don’t think a lot of us creators are thinking about that piece of it. We’re thinking about the creation of the content, the thing, the piece of the thing that you’re selling. But you should be spending as much effort and energy and creativity and probably even more so sometimes on all the stuff around that, that actually grabs the people and brings them into your funnels, converts them on the funnels, makes them desire the thing you’re selling, and then they actually get the thing you’re selling. Yeah, I think that’s one of the big tragedies of our world, is amazing artists who create art, and I’m not saying paintings, I’m saying art, it could be anything a book, a work, a video, a movie, whatever that never gets seen by the light of day because they spend so much time on the art, they didn’t spend any money on the advertising, the marketing of the art, which is its own art form in and of itself. In fact, almost a more fun art form. Anyway, so there you go. I just wanted to show you guys a glimpse behind the scenes because some of you guys are watching it like, ‘Oh, it’s so cool Russell. So cool.” And I’m hoping that you’re getting like, ‘Wow, when I create my next product I should put this much effort into the trailer. I should put this much effort into the cover. I should put this much effort the ads.” Because anyone can get an ad and hold a book like, “Hey my name’s Russell. Here’s my new book, you should read it.” But man, when you see mine, what’s going to be happening? You’re going to be seeing me writing the book, you’re going to be seeing me at the desk, you know, and the camera and things moving in and out. You’re going to see all the creative that went into supporting this art. You’re going to see all that. And when this book launches it’ll be the, your social everything will be drowned in it, because it’s going to be fun, exciting, beautiful, amazing things. Hopefully you’ll enjoy the ride. So there you go. That’s all I got. I’m going to go get ready and start the editing process. I got basically like 12 hours today to edit before the video shoot. So wish me luck, that’s the plan. Appreciate you all, thanks for listening and we’ll talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody. | Selling through significance will stop your growth, selling through the success stories of your students will change everything. On this episode Russell talks about the difference between selling through significance and selling through the success stories of your students. Here are some of the insightful things to look for in this episode:  Why selling through significance will only get you to a certain point, and why it makes your audience feel dirty. What it means to sell through the success stories of your students. And why sometimes when we start off selling with significance, and why we should move away from it as quickly as possible.  So listen here to find out why selling with significance makes Russell and your audience cringe. ---Transcript--- What’s up everybody? This is Russell Brunson, welcome back to the Marketing Secrets podcast. Today I am in the penthouse overlooking Boise, getting prepared to finish the entire Traffic Secrets book. Alright my friends, so yesterday as you know, I was driving down here to the penthouse, if you listened to yesterday’s podcast episode, I got here and I’ve been working on editing the book. We got the first manuscript finished, and now we’re going back through from the top editing and having some fun. We also spent probably 7 or 8 hours getting a shot set up to be the cover of the Traffic Secrets book, here in the penthouse. It’s going to look so cool. Basically we pulled all the couches out of the front room and set up a desk with these monitors, and we have a crane in here with lights and everything, and tonight between 8:20 and 8:40 is when the light is perfect. You can see everything set up. So we have photographers, video guys, everything coming, and we are going to be capturing these epic shots for the video, or excuse me, for the trailer for the Traffic Secrets book launch. But not just the trailer, but also for the, it’ll be ads, and it will also be the book cover. Sorry. Trying to get a still image from this shot to be the book cover. So a lot going into it, but we’re excited, it’s going to be really fun. So that’s what’s happening today other than I’m going to be working on the book. And it was interesting, you know, as I’m working on the book, and every hour or so of editing I have to stop and take a break just to get my mind re-excited and then I come back. And in between it I went and started watching some, you know, just on Facebook swiping and Instagram looking at stuff, looking for ads as I do. And I was looking through the ads and I saw this person, and the person is someone I consider a friend and I’ve known them for a long, long time online. And it’s interesting as I watch the videos and then I start clicking around and looking at everything this person is doing, and it’s interesting to me because this person’s been around long enough, they’ve had success but they’re like, I can tell by the moves they’re making right now that they’re struggling a little bit, they’re hitting the ceiling, they’re trying to reinvent themselves. So I’m watching. And I know it because I’ve been through this cycle so many times in my own life. Anyway, I’m keenly aware of it because I can, I can sense it just because like, you guys have heard my story. I’ve been up and I’ve been down, up and down, up and down way more times than anyone should in business. So I kind of, I can sense where he’s at in the spot right now. And as I’m watching all of the videos, all of the ads, all of the everything he’s publishing right now, he’s using significance to sell. So what does that mean? Significance is “Hey, my name is so and so. I’m so great. Look what I did. Look I’ve done here, look what I did here, look what I did here. I’m amazing. I’m amazing. Buy my crap.” That’s selling with significance, talking about yourself, making yourself feel more significant. And I want to step back really quick before I go too deep in this. You’re always going to do some significance in your selling right. If someone’s going to be buying something from you, they’ve got to, especially if it’s like you’re selling coaching or consulting or something and they’re trying to decide if they should plug into you. There’s always a little bit of that. And for most of us, when we first get started that’s all we really have, our own story, our own significance. This is what we did that is amazing, this is why you should trust me and hopefully I’ll help you have success as well. So I’m not downplaying 100% because I understand a lot of us, me included, that’s how you have to start. You have to sell your own significance at first. But this person’s been in the game at least 15 years that I know of. And this person’s had success for other people, but they’re still relying on their own significance to sell their products and services and all their things. And I guess I want to say that selling through significance works, but it only works to a certain level. If you want to get to the next level, the big secret is you can’t keep selling through significance. If you look at my ads, my emails, my podcast, the voice, the tone of the voice is coming from me and from Clickfunnels. And I’m going to say this with, now that there’s more people on the team, it’s not always me writing every email, clicking send on everything. So there have been times when my copywriters, or my teams of people have used more significance, and I see those messages and I’m always cringing. I message them, I’m like, “This isn’t about me anymore. This movement is about our people. This is about people we’re serving. It’s about their success. That’s what I want to be talking about.” So I try to nip those things in the bud, some things still slip through. So like I said, you won’t see me doing videos of like, “I’m Russell, look how big my company is. This is why I’m so great. You should blah, blah, blah.” If you look at what I’m talking about, I’m always talking about the success of my students. I’m taking the significance off of me, and putting the significance on them. That’s the secret, that’s the key, that’s the next level. That’s how you go from where you are today to where you want to go. Stop talking about yourself. Selling through significance, it’ll work and get you to a certain point, but if you really want to expand and really have a massive impact and appeal and get to more people, it’s selling through the stories of your success stories. That’s the big secret. I was listening to someone’s podcast the other day, and in the podcast they were interviewing Stu McLaren, and Stu’s been a good friend for forever. And they were telling the story that Stu came over for this podcast interview or something, and ahead of time Stu had a piece of paper and was jotting down names. And the person was like, “Oh, are you writing notes.” And he’s like, “No, I’m not writing notes. I’m writing names of people who’s stories I want to tell. People who are students, stories.” And the person interviewing him was like, “Well, that’s interesting.” And they said later on in this podcast, they said, “What’s fascinating is every time\xa0 I ask Stu a question he never ever said, ‘Yeah, well my first membership site, blah, blah, blah. I got all these members and they loved me.” Every single time they’d ask a question, he’d respond to the question with an answer from one of his success stories. See the distinction there? Guru A who I will leave unnamed, would have and does, if you watch all this person’s stuff. I gotta be careful to not say the person’s name. If you watch what that person does, every single time it’s “Look what I did, look how big my business is, look\xa0 how much money I made. Look at, look at, look how great I am.” Selling through significance. Stu on the other hand, sells through the success stories of his students. A lot of S’s in both of those. Selling through significance and selling through success stories of your students. And selling through success stories of your students is the thing that will grow. It’s the thing that will makes it so people don’t feel dirty when they buy from you. Every time I watch Guru A’s videos, every time I’m like, “Gah, this person loves himself.” It just, I always feel dirty afterwards, and it can’t just be me. It’s the market. The lowest tier of the market is going to be like, “Oh, that person made billions I’m going to go and give him all my money because of it.” The lowest tier of the market, that’s what they respond to, but the dream clients, the people you want to serve, will not respond to that. Okay. They don’t, they won’t. They respond to the success stories of your students. So again I’m putting this side by side, on the left hand side Guru A, sells through his own significance, his or her I should say, through their own significance, and Guru B, I’m going to put Stu’s name on it because Stu’s the man, sells through the success stories of their students. One of them is cleaner, one of them feels better, one of them will give you more longevity. From a risk standpoint, you’re more compliant from the FTC, from the advertising guidelines of sharing the success stories of your students. All these things are better when you shift away from selling through significance, and start selling through the success stories of your students. So that’s what I want you guys to do from this podcast is look back at your market, with your advertisements, your emails, look at your ads, look at your Facebook Lives, look at your videos, look at your instagrams, look at all the things. And start asking myself, am I selling through significance? Am I just trying to show people how cool I am and hopefully they’ll come give me money. If so,maybe that’s the wrong motivation, the wrong direction. Instead, what if I shifted back and took a step back and said, “Look, I’m going to figure out the success stories of my students.” And start compiling those stories as opposed to building up your own. I quit telling my own stories a long time ago. Nobody wants to know, ‘Oh Russell Brunson, his company makes whatever a day.” It’s funny, when I was making a million dollars a year, I wanted to tell everybody in the world, “I make a million dollars a year.” When we shifted to a million dollars a day I stopped caring, and people stopped caring. I stopped sharing it. It didn’t matter anymore. What mattered instead was like, “Oh here’s this person. Look at the success they had and look at this person and the success they had.” That’s when it becomes real. That’s when it becomes tangible, that’s when the movement grows. When the movement is you bragging about how good you are, the movement will never grow. When the movement is you sharing the success stories of your students, that’s what makes people want to be part of your movement. That’s why they connect, that’s why people come to Funnel Hacking Live. Not because they want to see Russell get his Three Comma Club award, they couldn’t care less about me. They want to see their peers get their Two Comma Club award and they want to visualize themselves getting it next year. That’s the secret, that’s the magic. So I just want you guys looking at your market, your advertising, you story telling, your videos, your everything through that lens. If you want to have impact, if you want to stay relevant for a very, very long time, you have to stop selling through significance. Shift that away and start selling through the success stories of your students. Alright, that’s all I got you guys. If you enjoyed this at all please tag it. Take a little picture on your phone and then post it on Instagram and Facebook, do #marketingsecrets and then tag @RussellBrunson if you’re on Instagram. And then @RussellBrunsonHQ I think is my Facebook. I should know these things. Anyway, just tag me. I’m not going to lie, I love opening my newsfeed and scrolling through and I see all the Marketing Secrets peeps who are tagging me with their screenshots and saying I love this episode because of blah. It makes my day. So If you want to make my day and want to show up in my newsfeed and have me know your name, that is the secret. I don’t check emails, I don’t check personal messages, but I’m always scrolling through my feed and people are tagging me with marketing secrets to tell me why they like it. I always look at those. I also by the way, read the comments. So if you have a few extra seconds and you want to build up my significance and make me feel better about myself, please go to iTunes and leave a rating and review. But you know when all is said and done, it doesn’t matter because I don’t really care about my own significance. The bigger thing is I want to tell your story. So do the stuff we were talking about, have success with it, report back, so I can brag about you and put you onstage, share your story with the world because your story needs to be heard. Alright, that’s all I got. Thanks you guys. I appreciate you all, have a nice day, and we’ll talk to you soon. | Everyone’s been begging me for a glimpse of Traffic Secrets, and while I can’t show you the book, I will give you a sneak peek. On today’s episode Russell gives an interesting sneak peek into his Traffic Secrets book which he is in the process of finishing. Look for these awesome things in this episode:  What he has been doing over the last few days to finish the first draft of the book. What his plans for the cover to look like are. What each section of the book will be about and when it will finally be out for everyone to read.  So listen here to get an amazing sneak peek into Russell’s new upcoming book, Traffic Secrets. ---Transcript--- What’s up everybody? This is Russell Brunson, welcome back to the Marketing Secrets podcast. Can you tell which car I’m in today? You can probably tell, it’s pretty quiet. When it’s the jeep you really, really know, when it’s the Tesla you’re just assuming I’m either just hanging out or I’m in the Tesla. So we’re in the Tesla heading downtown. It is the last day of writing the Traffic Secrets book and I got a few minutes to share with you guys some thoughts about some things I want to talk about. So with that said, let’s queue up the theme song and I’ll be right back. Alright everybody, I hope you guys are all doing awesome today. As I mentioned in the intro I’m in the Tesla right now driving downtown. And today before I am allowed to go to bed today, the manuscript, the first manuscript for the Traffic Secrets book will be finished, which I’m really excited for. It’s supposed to be done on Monday, and then it became, it was going to be Tuesday and then Wednesday and then Thursday, and today is Friday, so it is getting done. And then my wife and kids are heading downtown to Utah this weekend, which I am very grateful for. I wish I could be with them, but I needed, oh I needed the extra time. I am killing myself to get the book, like I said the manuscript will be done tonight and then tomorrow or tonight hopefully I’ll start at the very top and doing a read through and start going through editing stuff, tweaking stuff. I’ve had about 5 or 6 people that have been going through and reading it and then leaving comments on this site inside Google docs, leaving comments of like, “What about this? Or this? And this made no sense. This was awesome. Do you have any more context here, or do you have any story to light this concept up?” So they’ve been going through, following behind me doing all that kind of stuff. I also have Joy Anderson on my team who has been going through doing editing. So it’s been edited an cleaned up, formatted and stuff like that. So that’s kind of a, we call that a line edit, then there’s a concept edit. So we have 4 or 5 people going through doing concept editing and adding their remarks in. So now tonight or tomorrow I will start at the very top and I will do my last edit, which is me taking the concept edits, weaving them in, deleting them, adding or taking away, whatever I need to do to make sure that all those things work good. And then at that point, Joy will follow with one more line edit, and then we’ll submit section one to the publisher on Monday, and then sections 2 and 3 on next Friday. So it is the end of the time. No more procrastination is allowed. I have, it’s done, it’s game time. The other crazy thing, if you look at the Dotcom Secrets book, it was 58,000 words. The Expert Secrets was 60,000 and the Traffic Secrets book as of today is 87,000 words. And it will probably end up close to 90,000 when all is said and done. So it’s 50% bigger than the Expert Secrets book, which is crazy and I\xa0 hope my publisher doesn’t kill me, because they told me to write a 250 page book. But I didn’t listen because I had to write until it was done. It’s funny because people are like, “Well how long is the book going to be? How many pages?” I’m like, “I don’t know. It’s going to be as many pages as it needs to be to explain the concept.” That’s just how it works. It’s why some people, I drive them crazy at our live events. They’re like, “We need a schedule.” I’m like, “Nah, we don’t do that.” “Why not.” “Because I have no idea how long it’s going to take me to teach the session. I’m going to teach until I’m done.” When I’m coming to sell, I know I got 90 minutes, everything is timed out second by second by second, everything I’m going to say, but if I’m coming to teach, I’m teaching until everybody gets it. And sometimes we’re going to go late, sometimes we’re going to get done early. So it’s just going to be as long as it needs to be. That’s how I feel with this book. And then what’s crazy is some of you guys saw the Mastermind.com launch, the top ten affiliates for that are going to Fiji in like a week and a day, whatever that is. So Collette and I are jumping on a plane and flying to Fiji, which is I don’t know, hopefully it’s a long international flight because I’m also re-writing the Dotcom Secrets and Expert Secrets books over the next two months. So I’m trying to get the Dotcom Secrets re-writes done while I’m on the plane. I write on really long planes. So writing it on the plane to Fiji and on the plane back getting Dotcom Secrets re-writes done, which will probably add an extra 20,000 words. I’ve got some cool sections I want to add in there that I think are foundation, essential foundational things that I want to add into Dotcom Secrets, and the same with Expert Secrets. We’ve got some cool updates and additions and things that I think would be really powerful to have in there. So we’re doing that, and then I’ll give, I bought the rights back from those two books from my original publisher, and I’m giving them, or selling them, however that works, to the new publisher. So we’ll have all three books. At Funnel Hacking Live, my goal is to have a box set on stage for everyone to see. I’m not sure if it’ll be done in time, but that’s the goal. We’ll see. And then the actual launch-launch date is cinco de mayo, which is long and far away. But with a legit publisher they make you do things out in the distance, which is why I’m scrambling now so I can have the book by May 5th. But it’s good. The other thing we’re doing is, if you’ve seen the Dotcom Secrets book, we filmed, Brandon Fisher and I did this really cool thing where we spent 6 hours to film literally 7 seconds of video where I’m in front of this wall, there’s all this stuff taped to the wall, and the camera zooms in, it turned out so cool. And then that became the cover shot for the Dotcom Secrets book. And the Expert Secrets book was just a picture of me onstage. I think I’m going to change that for the new updated version. And then for this book, it’s Traffic Secrets, and I need an image for that. So while I’m at the penthouse this weekend, we are staging this huge shot where it’s going to be me overlooking Boise with these three monitors with all these traffic graphs on it, and we’re getting a crane and a camera to fly in and do all these crazy things at night overlooking the city. It’s going to be so cool. So that’s also happening so I’ll have the cover shot done hopefully by this weekend as well. So yeah, a lot of fun things are all happening and I’m excited and pumped and I cannot wait. But also me telling a story about the book, which I’m sure you guys are fascinated by. I wanted to give you some value as well, and kind of give you a glimpse inside of the book, if you guys are okay with that. I’ll probably do more of that over the next few months, just kind of share different ideas and concepts. But it’s interesting, as I wrote the book, there’s three sections. Section number one is really me laying out the foundation for everything else. So it’s, and you guys are obviously more advanced than the typical reader, because you’ve been listening to me for the last, you know, 600 whatever plus episodes hopefully. Bt it’s really the foundation of like, who is your dream customer, where are those people congregating, and hten who are the people that have already pre-congregated? Who’s your dream 100, right? \xa0So we figured that out and so that’s the whole first section. And then teaching the traffic that you, excuse me. So you have your dream 100 and then it’s like, now do I earn my way into that traffic, and how do I buy my way in? So you’re earning your way and getting free traffic, you’re buying your way and doing paid ads, and then you convert all that traffic into traffic you’ve earned, traffic you control and traffic you own, which is your own email list right. Then you have an email list, how to do follow up funnels, how to follow up, all that kind of stuff. So that’s the core foundation, section one teaches that. And again, I think a lot of you guys know those things. I go into a lot more depth and detail, but that’s the core things. Who’s your dream customer, where are they congregating, who’s already congregated them? Those are your dream 100. And then how do we work our way into the dream 100? How do we buy our way into the Dream 100 after we’ve done that. And now, we convert that traffic from traffic we’ve earned and traffic we bought into traffic we own. Boom, now we have a list, here’s how we follow up with that list, and boom, now we move into section number two. So section number two of the book is called Funnel Hacking: The Algorithms. And it starts going into, “Okay, how do we funnel hack Facebook and Instagram and Google and YouTube, and podcasting. And I just showed 5 networks. The two biggest social networks, the two biggest search networks, then podcasting because I love podcasting. And then I left it open. I didn’t go into every single network on earth. I didn’t go into Twitter and Linked in and TIkTok and Snapchat and all the others, although I could’ve. The reason why is because in those 5 chapters I lay out a framework, and the biggest, most difficult thing for me writing this Traffic Secrets book is I’m writing a book I want to live for forever and be evergreen on the most un evergreen topic of all time, which is traffic. Literally the Facebook ads manager changes every single day. So it’s like, how do you write a book and take a snapshot in time, like this is how it works, when tomorrow it’s different? So instead I tried to show a pattern. This is the pattern of how it all works, and how it works over and over and over and over again. And I show that pattern in the current Facebook, current Instagram, current Google, current YouTube, current podcasting, but then I’m trying to not just give a man a fish. A lot of times it’s like here’s the fish, this is how you do it, just copy the process. But instead I’m trying to teach people how to finish in this book. So it’s like what’s the pattern every single time. So if you look everyone of these chapters it’s kind of interesting. The first section of every chapter is like the history. Like if you want to know where the platform is going we have to know where it came from. Like how to Google start, how the algorithms change, why do they change, what was the purpose behind this one and that one and that one? Because if you understand why Google is making these changes, and you can start thinking like them and understanding, this is what their goal is and what they’re trying to do and their intention. Because you may be reading this chapter in the book right now, and it may have already shifted, so you need to be able to understand and find the history of what’s happening and where we’re at today. That’s number one, is getting a lay out of the history of each of the platforms and what the end goal is of each platform, which is always how to make the best experience possible for the end user. Google wants to make sure when you go to Google, you get the best results. Facebook wants to make sure when you show up to Facebook that you love the things that are in your feed. That’s it. So that’s what they’re trying to do. How do we align with those networks, instead of trying to compete against them, which is what all the spammers and scammers do, how do we align with the will of the network and then if we give them what they want, they’ll give us what we want. So it’s all figuring out that alignment. That’s number one. Then number two, the next step in the process is always who on the platform has already figured this out? Who’s already identified your dream customers? Who’s already publishing? Who’s getting tons of views and likes, whoever it is? Let’s find those dream 100, I tell everyone, let’s say it’s Facebook. Go into Facebook, unfriend all your friends and go follow all your dream 100. That will make it so your newsfeed is just a real time swipe file of the pulse of your market, what’s happening, and you can feel it, as opposed to being distracted by all your friends and family posting cat pictures and such. So you delete everyone and just follow your dream 100. And now you ha ve your pulse on the market. Now you can feel what’s happening in the market. What’s working today? What kind of things are people posting? What’s getting the most likes, and the least likes? It gives you the ability to see in real time what the algorithms are rewarding. That’s the magic of it. So we go back and understand the history, we take a snapshot of where we’re at right now, and we do our dream 100 on the specific platform and we start watching and observing what is being rewarded today, and that gives us a snapshot of this is what’s happening and how we need to do. So now you have that. And the third thing is okay now, based on the snapshot we understand what’s happening, how do we build our publishing plan. So we build a publishing plan, so we have a show on the network that we’re focused on that becomes our show. And then you can leverage that show to earn your way in to other, into your dream 100 and then to buy your way into the dream 100. So that’s the next phase of the pattern.\xa0 And then you’re siphoning off the traffic you’re earning, the traffic you’re buying, and converting traffic of your own. And the last section is how do you go and just do paid ads directly on a platform. But that’s the pattern I show in every single network, over and over and over and over again. So if you want a sneak peek at the book, that’s it. It’ spick a platform, looking at the history, figuring out where do they come from, what were the algorithm changes that happened? Okay now we understand, this is what’s been happening over the last decade, now I’v ecome to play this game, now I know the rules of the game, now I’m going to follow my dream 100. What are they currently doing today that’s being rewarded by the platforms? We look at that closely and then we start modeling it. And then after we model it, we start innovating on it for our own show. Boom, we create our own show. After we have our own show, from there we come back, step back and we start figuring out how we use our own show to leverage to buy our way into other people’s shows, and then how do we buy ads to buy our way into other people’s show, drive traffic to build your following, and also to fill your funnels. And t hat’s the game my friends. And it’s so much fun, it’s so exciting. I cannot wait for you guys to read this book. Anyway, it actually was really helpful for me to explain that out loud to you guys as well. I’m going to go back and maybe add a little pre-section before section 2 that explains that better. I think I explained it very well after the section, but I’m going to plug that into the actual section I believe. So anyway, fyi. Thank you guys for letting me share that with you. And the last thing I’ll tell you is section number three of the book is called growth hacking and it’s fun. It’s where we start going into all these other ninja ways to get traffic that most people aren’t thinking about or talking about. Yet, they are responsible for a ton of our traffic. So oh man, I can’t wait for you guys. I hope you enjoy this all. It’s fun. This whole game is so much fun. Alright, that’s all I got my friends. I appreciate you all, I’m almost to the penthouse. I’m actually speaking at Stephen Larsen’s Offer Mind on Tuesday and I’m going to be talking about the same thing I just shared with you guys. I’m going to go a little deeper into it though, so they can understand it at a little deeper level. But I want, I just wanted to kind of flush it out here a little bit. Again, testing my material here. And I’ll be sharing it in the book obviously, but as his event. And for all you guys how are anxiously waiting for the book as much as I am, I cannot wait to give it to you guys. I can’t wait to share it with you gusy. It’s been a labor of love, it’s been a lot of work. And I hope you guys get a ton from it. So with that said, I appreciate you all, thanks for everything. And I’ll talk to you all soon. Bye everybody.", 'chan_desc': 'Welcome to the Marketing Secrets podcast!This show is for entrepreneurs and business owners who want to learn how to market in a way that lets us get our message, our products, and our services, out to the world… and yet still remain profitable. \xa0Learn from Russell Brunson, the world-famous internet marketer and a co-founder of the largest funnel creation software ClickFunnels.\xa0Inside each episode, Russell shares his biggest “a-ha moments” and marketing secrets with complete transparency. From tough lessons learned, to mindset, to pure marketing strategy, Russell pulls you into his world and shares his personal journey and secrets to growing a business from $0 to $100,000,000 in just 3 years, with NO outside capital!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/76/13/ff/7613ff01-dddb-6a3f-367a-e89f4d0155bb/mza_8058418570510258569.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-05-15'}}

{'Sales Influence - Why People Buy!': {'title': 'Sales Influence - Why People Buy!', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Sales-Influence-Why-People-Buy!-id364701', 'num_comments': 5, 'author': 'Victor Antonio', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3943, 'play_count': 118642, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/VictorAntonio', 'http://salesinfluence.libsyn.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 251, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:11:16', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:09:13', 2], ['2019-09-11', '00:10:21', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:11:16', 0], ['2019-09-07', '00:32:51', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:10:10', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:07:52', 1], ['2019-09-02', '00:07:54', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:34:40', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:10:21', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "What do you do or say when a client just wants you to send them a sales proposal?\xa0 Find out what to do in this Sales Influence podcast with Victor Antonio. | Learn how to sell to different value shareholders in this episode of the Sales Influence podcast with Victor Antonio. | Too often we focus on qualifying clients, but maybe disqualifying is as effective as well.\xa0 More in this Sales Influence podcast with Victor Antonio. | What is the best time to email someone or connect with them?\xa0 The answer depends on their biological sales clock.\xa0 Find out why on this episode of the sales influence podcast with Victor Antonio | In this first episode of the Victor Antonio Show (VAS), we talk about how using Rewards can motivate and demotivate a team.\xa0\xa0 | There are five value hurdles you need to get over to make sure you're able to sell value over price.\xa0 Find out what they are and how to get over them on this episode of the Sales Influence Podcast. | Forget the USP, try the UAP,...it's more effective in selling.\xa0 More on this topic in this week's episode of the Sales Influence Podcast with Victor Antonio. | When is the best and worst times to post on social?\xa0 Find out on this episode of the Sales Influence Podcast with Victor Antonio. | Interview on the Avanti Entrepreneur podcast with host Dave Mamanno and guest Victor Antonio on the topic of Selling. | Beware of the Disappointment Dip in this Sales Influence Podcast with Victor Antonio.", 'chan_desc': 'Today\'s buyer is more informed and more skeptical when it comes to buying.  In this podcast, we\'ll discuss "Finding the Why in How Clients Buy" by using the latest studies in consumer behavior and neuromarketing to sell more effectively!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/4e/26/e3/4e26e3b2-e7af-a09c-dba5-82a825e83917/mza_548945188384223039.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-08-01'}}

{'Millionaire Mindcast': {'title': 'Millionaire Mindcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Millionaire-Mindcast-id2066509', 'num_comments': 6, 'author': 'The Rich Life Academy', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 6621, 'play_count': 69506, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://millionairemindcast.com'], 'ep_total': 154, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:18:20', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:10:13', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:52:41', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:21:01', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:13:25', 1], ['2019-09-23', '01:01:29', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:13:52', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:07:35', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:49:31', 1], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:05', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this episode of the Millionaire Mindcast, Matt shares his 5 step goal setting process that made him a millionaire. Tune in as he discusses the law of familiarity and how to properly set yourself up for success and achieve your goals through this goal-setting strategy. Enjoy! Show Brought To You By: TheRichLifeAcademy.com Episode Sponsored By: IneedAccountability.com Questions? Comments? Do you have a success story you would like to share on the show? Send us an email to\xa0MattyA@Millionairemindcast.com | When it comes to investing and growing your wealth, you have to be willing to invest in your education and get in\xa0the game. In order to give yourself a chance to win, you first have to get off the sidelines, step\xa0to the plate, and start taking some swings. Opportunity will not wait for anyone, and this week\'s Wealth Tip Wed will inspire you to take that next step in your investing journey. \xa0 Show Brought To You By: TheRichLifeAcademy.com Episode Sponsored By: IneedAccountability.com Questions? Comments? Do you have a success story you would like to share on the show? Send us an email to\xa0MattyA@Millionairemindcast.com \xa0 | In this episode of the Millionaire Mindcast, Steve Olsher shares his entrepreneurial journey, the story behind his business Liquor.com, his breakdown and breakthrough moments, the lessons he learned in his entrepreneurial journey, and tips to avoid those tribulations! Steve Olsher is a Founder/CEO of Latatud, Founder/Chairman of Liquor.com, is the premier online mixology and cocktail culture-related destination for men and women over the age of 21. Steve is a New Media Influencer, Creator of The New Media Summit, Host of Reinvention Radio and Beyond 8 Figures, NYT Bestselling Author, and Keynote Speaker. Even back then, Steve had done his fair share of entrepreneurial endeavors like selling speakers out of the back of the van, and more. At the age of 19, he opens his own none liquor nightclub though his family has been in the liquor business since 1939. Later on, Steve jumped into their family business and figured out what he can do to develop it. He applied a lot of strategies, brought it into the online space, build their own brand, and build an e-commerce site from scratch. Their business went smoothly until they experience the shaky moment where Steve had no choice but to walk away from it, sold everything in their family business, and manage the pain. Steve’s motivation in money helped him finds a way to recover everything he had lost. This opens up the door for him in real estate. He started buying, flipping, and selling homes. Steve turns his creativity into cash. Despite his busy career, Steve didn’t forget to add value to other people and contribute something to the community through the lessons he learned so much over the years of his entrepreneurial career. Steve feels like it’s a call for him to help some of the folks to avoid all of those trials and tribulations he experienced.\xa0 Then, he decided to write a book and got into coaching, speaking space, and podcasting space. Steve founded the New Media Summit where he teaches people what he knows works and doesn’t work. Helping people become clear and articulating who they are and what they do.\xa0 \xa0 Some Questions I Ask:  What have you been up to since your last hang out here? (01:27) What was the worst entrepreneurial thing you’ve done? (03:38) How did you kind of stumbling into the online world? (04:20) As you guys start to get more and more into the online space, tell me how Liquor.com came about? (08:36) Did you know that you had stumbled across an opportunity or like what was your business strategy behind all of that? (11:09) What did you learn at that moment that you have kind of carried on with you and the business moving forward? (15:00) How did you get through that moment in time of 9 years of hard work turns into nothing? (18:23) Did you completely turn your back away from Liquor.com and the whole family business and just go further in the real estate? (25:58) How did you transition into the media world like podcasting and New Media Summit? (34:40) What do you see a lot of people missing on that side of the business plan about ‘WHAT’? (39:35) Tell me more about the New Media Summit. (42:01) 3 things that measure your business’ success. (43:10)  In This Episode, You Will Learn:  The internet days look like during the ‘90s. (08:42) Some key mistakes that they did in business. (13:13) The moment where Steve walks away from the opportunity. (13:49) Tips on how to make the best decision. (07:10) How Steve got into the real estate space. (22:26) The core questions to find your ‘What Framework’. (40:07)  Quotes:  “I’ve always been wired as an entrepreneur.” “We’re better than we did.” “No one can raise your baby like you can.” “Your business is your baby.” “Just be really clear on why you’re doing something.” “Look at if there are better ways potentially to get to whatever that destination.” “You need to be money motivated.” “There are a lot of opportunities here in this world of real estate.” “You should be able to turn every visibility, opportunity into revenue.”  Resources Mentioned:  Beyond 8 Figures Podcast  What Is Your What book by Steve Olsher Ultimate Directory of Podcasters  Connect with Steve Olsher on: Website Reinvention Radio Podcast New Media Summit Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Facebook | In this episode of Millionaire Mindcast, MattyA digs into the importance of surrounding yourself with the right people in order to be successful. Editing your peers that don\'t add value to your goals and removing all the negativity around is a tough but necessary thing to do. Why? Tune-in into today\'s episode to find out. Enjoy! Show Brought To You By: TheRichLifeAcademy.com Questions? Comments? Do you have a success story you would like to share on the show? Send us an email to\xa0MattyA@Millionairemindcast.com | Have you ever found yourself in a situation where life threw you a curveball and you had an unexpected expense that really put you in a tough financial spot? Today, I break down\xa05 tips you can implement in order to avoid any potential pitfalls the next time one of life\'s "what ifs" strikes. It\'s time to plan ahead and set yourself up for financial success, instead of the dealing with the stress that money problems create for so many. Take back control and create your abundance bank acct\xa0today! Show Brought To You By: TheRichLifeAcademy.com Episode Sponsored By: IneedAccountability.com Questions? Comments? Do you have a success story you would like to share on the show? Send us an email to\xa0MattyA@Millionairemindcast.com | In this episode of the Millionaire Mindcast, we have an incredible guest, Mike McCarthy who shares his amazing entrepreneurial journey, how GoBundance supports stuck and undeveloped people, how to discover your strengths, skills, and unlock your full potential, and live a balanced and fulfilling life!\xa0 Mike McCarthy is a husband, a father, a serial entrepreneur, a Facilitator of Group Genius and a speaker, and trainer.\xa0 He is the co-owner and Operating Partner for the Greater Pennsylvania Region of Keller Williams Real Estate and proud to lead 9,000+ real estate agents in over 50 locations, closing $14 Billion in Real Estate sales in 2018. Mike is also the Co-Founder of GoBundance and is the leader behind FamBundance - an organization that teaches families to connect more deeply and build their family legacy together. He has co-authored the books Tribe of Millionaires and The Miracle Morning for Parents and Families along with his wife, Lindsay, and Bestselling Author Hal Elrod. His GoBros affectionately refer to Mike as “McLovin,” gained his nickname from his witty sense of humor and infectious laugh. Mike considered himself as a second-generation entrepreneur, his dad blaze the trail for him of becoming the best entrepreneur and earning opportunities early on. Prior to Mike’s success, he feels like he didn’t progress because something is holding him back where he found out he didn’t focus on a holistic and healthy approach. Looking for the solution, thus, lead him into an amazing community, Go Abundance which was started as a brotherhood of a couple of businessmen. With GoBundance, he found a space where he could show his authentic self, be accepted and get support. Mike has talents that he brought to the tribe which enabled him to unlock all of his other skills and revealed his greatest strength. His vision, deep love, and passion for the tribe help him grow and become a better connector. Mike became an avid real estate investor because of the help of Tribe of Millionaires. Mike learned that if you are stuck and wanted to get yourself to the next level, surround yourself with the right people. Find people or mentor or a group that you are comfortable with and show up yourself authentically. Have that clarity to get around yourself and have the willingness to be that person. Let other people see who you are so you’ll be fully accepted.\xa0 Trust, embrace and explore who you are through the help of other people’s wisdom. That’s where your life shape. Above all, set aside time to focus those pillars to build strong relationships. Spend time with your kids one on one or together with your family. Level up relationships. This is what fuels you up to make bigger things in business. Choose to take minimal actions but maximum impact. You don’t have to be the smartest person in the world to have it all, it is just about connecting, and loving! Some Questions I Ask:  What is GoBundance and what are those companies within its ecosystem? (03:22) How do you balance all the things in your life, including time for your family and your businesses? (07:03) What are the pillars or mantras inside the GoBundance? (10:10) What does your routine or what would you attribute your discipline too? (15:43) How did you get around with those high leveled people and get invited into their inner circle? (21:35) As an amazing leader and part of the GoBundance tribe, how has that expanded your idea of wealth building and where’s your focus now when it comes to wealth? (27:21) Who are the ideal candidates for GoBundance and tell me a little bit about this book Tribal Millionaire? (34:23) What are you constantly doing right now to continue leveling up your own leadership? (44:39) Which one amongst the 6 effects of GoBundance is where you aligned the most? (48:59) What is that Women\'s GoBundance all about? (55:08)  In This Episode, You Will Learn:\xa0  Why Mike focused on the family stuff in GoBundance? (05:57) The power of the GoBundance (09:23) The Horizontal Income piece (11:31) Taking physical challenges lead to success in business. (14:50) Mike’s self-affirmation. (18:58) Mike’s routine to stay on track and manage his works throughout the week (19:34) Tips on how to fall back into your routine after you missed things. (21:01) How to shape yourself and be fully accepted in a group. (50:09)  Quotes:  “I’ve done so many things that I never dreamed that I would be able to do.” “I got lucky in many ways.” “It makes you feel confident when you’re in shape.” “My life has been turned upside down.” “Efficiency is a lot about this finding what works from somebody else.” “The habit starts the next day.” “The biggest and badass mentors are probably the easiest ones to approach.” “Your willingness to grow is gonna be your level of accepting of feedback.” “You don’t have to be the smartest person in the world to have it all.” “You find your true self among the people you trust.” “The people around you are a mere that help you see yourself more clearly.” “Trust is the key ingredient defined and aligned with your authentic self.” “The closer you get to your authentic self, the easier your life becomes, and the faster you achieved your goals.” “The only way through and to connect in the group is to be who you are.” “If you everywhere you go, there you are.”  \xa0 \xa0 Resources Mentioned: \xa0   Discipline Equals Freedom book by Jocko Willink Oura Ring Think and Grow Rich book Napoleon Hill eXtremeAccountability.com  Connect with Mike McCarthy on: Website LinkedIn Tribe of Millionaires book GoBundance Womens Tribe GoBundance Men’s Group FamBundance Family Community Facebook Instagram YouTube | In This Episode of The Millionaire Mindcast, Matty A. digs in on something we all go through, what we all need to embrace. We all will fail, we all will stumble and fall. But how can you use this to fuel your growth, to overcome those failures and succeed? Tune in as MattyA share is 4 ways to overcome failure and learn to embrace and use it to your advantage. Enjoy!.\xa0 Show Brought To You By: TheRichLifeAcademy.com Questions? Comments? Do you have a success story you would like to share on the show? Send us an email to\xa0MattyA@Millionairemindcast.com | No matter how smart you are, no matter how prepared you are, if you do something long enough, eventually you will have a humbling experience. Whether its life in general or investing specifically,\xa0see why losing is good for you in the big picture and\xa0how you can\xa0use it as fuel to keep pushing forward.\xa0 Show Brought To You By: TheRichLifeAcademy.com Episode Sponsored By: IneedAccountability.com Questions? Comments? Do you have a success story you would like to share on the show? Send us an email to\xa0MattyA@Millionairemindcast.com | In this episode of the Millionaire Mindcast, Sujit Lalwani shares priceless things about how to start from scratch, create your own destiny, build your vision, holding on to your beliefs, working around your ideas, deal with negativity, accept failures, and make things possible! Sujit Lalwani is an entrepreneur, Founder & CEO of \xa0Inspiration Unlimited eMagazine, \xa0a venture that is an All Positive, No Gossips Media Platform that brings Inspirational News & Stories from around the globe from various dimensions & strata of society, and an author of the book Life Simplified!\xa0 Sujit helping build visions/companies that are sustainable & scalable. Positivity Media, Social Impact Platforms, Disruptive Tech Product/Business Ideas & Products/Ideas that form Simple Scalable Solutions are a bunch of things that keep him going.\xa0 He is also an international speaker - who love talking to early-stage startups on growth strategies, and addressed 4.5Mn+ people through speeches over the last 14 years & managed to drive a social impact that crosses 10Mn+ people. Featured in 55 Amazing Indians in Service(Book by OP Khanna), Top 40 Under 35(Potential Matrix from Malaysia), & Top 70 Namma Bengaluru Award Finalists(3 Years in a row). Awarded "Connecting The World" award by 1LifeFullyLived & World Merit(Sacramento, USA-2015). Invited at a Tourism forum in Russia(2012). Delivered keynote at OYW Stage(183 Nations under one roof(2012 in Pittsburgh, USA).\xa0 As a Startup Coach, Sujit has now started moving startup businesses, building an online profile, solve group hacking and marketing strategies for a lot of startups who are struggling to get first tipping number and threshold, and earning a rich and fulfilling life. He traveled more and got fascinated to create companies, businesses, and make a lot of dreams come true. But his sail is not as smooth as you think. Sujit has a lot of ups and downs but his limiting beliefs and visions keep him up and going.\xa0\xa0 Sujit came from a modest family with few resources, and compromises exist. He promised he doesn\'t want to see these things happen again in his family. He witnessed how his father strives harder with all of his efforts to succeed out from scratch. Sujit has been exposed to a lot of issues and alternatives. He grows up aware of the losses, tensions, stresses, pressures, and inspired by how his father keeps their family intact despite how busy he is on realizing his visions.\xa0 Fortunate to have his father as a teacher who believed that acquiring anything is possible, and you’re the best whatever you do in life. This opens up him the ideology that there are freedom and control over your destiny. These limiting beliefs inspired Sujit to push harder towards his visions.\xa0 Along with that, Sujit thinks that there’s so much potential to execute so many solutions. Today is the time for freedom fighters where entrepreneurs are the problem solvers who are going to create history and also leaves solutions for a lot of people. You don’t need to know it all, be the smartest, with the most experience, with the most capital to startup business but believe in your vision and have a passion for that vision. Change that psychology on how you engage with fear. Take it as a challenge, an adventure and have fun. Don’t let fear paralyze you and feel regret at the end.\xa0 Check yourself whatever you’re good right now. Do what you’re passionate about. Whatever things you engage with, whatever that things that begin to spark in you, whatever passion that you start with, it’s going to open up everything that you’re looking for. Whatever you’re currently pursuing and doing, do it with 100% focus and 100% energy and believe that you’re going to win this current set of things.\xa0 Eventually, this will you to lead opportunities for yourself. If you don’t know where you end up before you start, it’s fine, that’s the journey. It’s okay if you fail a lot of times and wins a few times, that’s part of the game.\xa0  Some Questions I Ask:  How do you have that so much damn energy my friend? (01:59) Where were you born, where is home for you, and how is your evolution with your dreams and belief takes place over time? (03:05) How have you continued to carve your own path and bring massive inspiration to many people around the world now?\xa0 (09:08) How have you been able to take that advice from people who don’t believe in your limiting beliefs and continue pushing through that in your early entrepreneurial journey? (18:44) What are some of the common things that you hear around the world when it comes to entrepreneurship that people are struggling to overcome? (25:57) Is money driving you at all the things you’re working on? (34:28) How are you building your wealth? (37:03) For someone who is hard-charging like you, how do you find balance in your health, relationships, spirituality, and other areas of your life? (39:49)  In This Episode, You Will Learn:  2 things that Sujit learned when he grew up. (06:31) Quotes that brought Sujit moves towards all the things he’s working on. (09:26) One powerful lesson that must learn with. (11:09) Why he decided to make an inspirational media and write the book Life Simplified! (12:14) Reasons why some people are pushing you down. (19:41) How Sujit upsell himself.\xa0 (20:16) How to deal with negative people who don’t believe in what you’re doing. (22:39) Sujit’s advice for people who are having startup ideas but hesitate to take action and doubts anything. (27:54) ADF as Act-Despite-Fail. (32:57) To-do-list Versus To-Be-List (33:21) Storming-forming-norming-performing. (42:10)  Quotes:  “It’s always about the dreams that you have.” “You have a lot of energy bubbling inside you until you see that creation come to life.” “I experience everything that I can learn from.” “No matter how much you do, there’s so much more to be done.” “No matter how much you learned, there’s so much more to be learned.” “We are going to be ahead of everybody else.” \xa0“I have such big dreams and big beliefs system.” “I could be successful wherever I’m going.” “I want to leave an excellent mark no matter where I step in.” “You do something, you better be number one and the best.” “You do something, you better be the best.” “Compete with only yourself.” “Excelling it whatever you do.” “There’s so much potential to execute so many solutions.” “There is so much to do.” “Winning isn’t everything but wanting to win is.” “If you really gonna wait for the opportunities to come and a perfect path to open up, I think that’s a perfect\xa0 road to failure.” “You’re in for failure and that is totally okay because that’s a part of this holy game.” “Those few victories are going to be so big if you have sufficient failures backing them.” \xa0“Make your choices with opportunities, grab them.” \xa0“If you do enough today than what you paid for, one day you’ll be paid enough then how much you have to do.” “I felt there was more inside me.” “Keep visualizing what you want and you will see a magical combination between the two which doesn’t exist right now.” “If you dream, you will have it.” “Globally impact is the way forward.” “2% of the world is consuming positivity media.” “I believe my existence needs to be a value.” \xa0“Just do it now.” “If you make enough to-be-list for yourself, to-do-list will just come at that.” “The to-be-list removes the fear, the to-do-list invites the fear.” “Psychology and philosophy on money need to be in sync.” “Every sector has its own pluses and minuses.” “Until the point you lose balance, you’re not finding the new balance.” “Life is all about seasons.”  Resources Mentioned:   Life Simplified! Book by Sujit Lalwani\xa0  \xa0 Connect with Sujit Lalwani on: Website  Twitter  LinkedIn Facebook YouTube \xa0 Show Brought To You By: TheRichLifeAcademy.com Episode Sponsored By: IneedAccountability.com Questions? Comments? Do you have a success story you would like to share on the show? Send us an email to\xa0MattyA@Millionairemindcast.com | In Today\'s Episode, Matty A goes into 10 ways you can become more likable. Now, it\'s not that you need to be liked by everyone, but there is truth to achieving your goals faster when you are a likable person. So tune today and listen in as Matt goes deep and drops some awesome advice and 10 ways you can evolve into being a more likable person!. Enjoy! Show Brought To You By: TheRichLifeAcademy.com Episode Sponsored By: IneedAccountability.com Questions? Comments? Do you have a success story you would like to share on the show? Send us an email to\xa0MattyA@Millionairemindcast.com', 'chan_desc': 'The Millionaire Mindcast is a show that focuses on all things mindset, money, and motivation to help aspiring millionaires from all walks of life increase their income, impact and influence. I’m Matt Aitchison - a 7-figure real estate investor, millennial entrepreneur, speaker and educator - and every Monday I interview a badass millionaire or thought leader who is living the "Whole Life Millionaire" lifestyle and taking their wealth far beyond what dollars can buy. Join me each week for new insights as you march toward that million dollar milestone and design your dream life. It\'s time to define what true wealth means to you, make your money matter, and unleash your millionaire within.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/18/65/63/1865630e-c6ab-5b7c-54ee-04b5d02cb634/mza_2142238867685462002.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-09-05'}}

{'WorkParty': {'title': 'WorkParty', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/WorkParty-id1348170', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Dear Media', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 479, 'play_count': 4342, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.workparty.com'], 'ep_total': 41, 'recent_eps': [['2019-07-24', '00:37:18', 0], ['2019-07-17', '00:29:01', 0], ['2019-07-10', '00:59:20', 0], ['2019-06-26', '00:36:08', 0], ['2019-06-19', '00:32:30', 0], ['2019-06-12', '00:43:31', 0], ['2019-06-05', '00:23:14', 0], ['2019-05-29', '00:36:06', 0], ['2019-05-15', '00:29:59', 0], ['2019-05-09', '00:34:11', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "We’re bringing it back to our AerieREALTREAT event for this episode of Workparty. Jaclyn sat down with crowd favorite actress and personality, Busy Philipps, to discuss beauty standards as a celebrity, the importance of friendship, and much more. The past year has been chock full of surprises for Busy and we were lucky enough to get the inside scoop. This raw and comical interview with her will leave you wanting more. So, take a ride with us as we dive into what being Busy Philipps is all about. Don’t forget to join the party on social @workparty and get the latest updates at www.workparty.com.\xa0  \xa0 Guest information: Busy Philipps\xa0@busyphilipps \xa0 Produced by Dear Media.\xa0 \xa0  | We’re welcoming OfAKind co-founders and Work Wife authors Erica Cerulo and Claire Mazur to the podcast. In this episode of Work Party, Jaclyn quizzes the girls on the importance of female camaraderie, professional relationships, and why we all need a work wife in our lives. Be sure to follow the party on social @workparty and get the latest update at www.workparty.com. Guest information: Erica Cerulo @ericacerulo Claire Mazur @clairemazur \xa0 Produced by Dear Media. | We were lucky enough to have not one but two influential women on this episode of Workparty. Jaclyn interviews cool girl icon and celebrity hairstylist Jen Atkin along with body-positive activist and model Denise Bidot. Both women hold a strong digital media presence and have left their imprint on the beauty industry by way of their endeavors. Come along for this episode of Workparty and don’t forget to join the party on social @workparty and get the latest updates at www.workparty.com. Guest information: Jen Atkin @jenatkinhair Denise Bidot @denisebidot \xa0 Produced by Dear Media. | For this episode of WorkParty, Jaclyn hosted a fireside chat at our Aerie REALtreat event with Jenna Kutcher. Mom, photographer, podcast host, influencer, business owner—the list goes on. Jenna Kutcher tells us first hand about monetizing her passions, how important it is to have multiple streams of revenue, being a dedicated mother, and much more. You’re going to want to take notes on this one. Be sure to follow the party on social @workparty and get the latest update at www.workparty.com. \xa0 Guest information: Jenna Kutcher @jennakutcher |  Jaclyn talks to Rachel Tipograph about helping big brands turn social into sales! As the Founder of MikMak, Rachel has already raised over 1 million dollars in funding to fuel her groundbreaking platform that creates short, shopable videos to market beauty, tech and home-related products.\xa0She’s growing her team, constantly iterating + proving that going against the grain pays off in BIG ways! \xa0 Be sure to follow the party on social @workparty and get the latest updates at www.workparty.com. \xa0 Guest Information Rachel Tipograph: @racheltipograph  | Today, we’re talking with expert Sharifa Murdock and Rebecca Minkoff; two powerhouse women to chat about navigating an industry known for being particularly cutthroat, how they built their careers in fashion from bottom up, and why mentorship and bringing up those behind you is so important (especially in the fashion industry). Be sure to follow the party on social @workparty and get the latest updates at\xa0www.workparty.com.\xa0 \xa0  Guest Information Sharifa Murdock: @sharifasays Rebecca Minkoff: @Rebecca Minkoff\xa0  | In under a decade, Danielle Bernstein has collaborated with numerous brands and founded her world-renowned fashion empire WeWoreWhat that she started as a sophomore in college back in 2010! Danielle also infamously revealed that bloggers make $5,000 to $15,000 per Instagram post. At the time she had less than a million followers and has since accumulated over 2 million followers. She joined us at Brickell City Center to chat about how she turned her love for fashion into multiple monetization streams of income, common misconception people have about bloggers, and how she breaks away from feeling overwhelmed by social media! Be sure to follow the party on social @workparty and get the latest updates at www.workparty.com.\xa0 | We’re taking it back to the stage at our Create and Cultivate NYC conference to share a special conversation between Actress and Activist Amber Heard and Mandana Dayani who is the Founder of the amazing voting & civic engagement platform called I Am A Voter. As you’re probably well aware, as women, it is a crucial time to get educated and get active in our democracy. As the lead change maker at I Am A Voter, Mandana Dayani interviewed Amber Heard about her role as a UN Human Rights champion & why she’s refusing to accept the status quo and much more. Be sure to follow the party on social @workparty and get the latest updates at www.workparty.com.\xa0 \xa0 Guest Information  Amber Heard: @AmberHeard\xa0 Mandana Dayani: @MandanaDayani I Am A Voter: @iamavoter  \xa0 | Sit back, relax, and let the self-care vibes roll in! We're live in NYC chatting with #GirlBoss and Founder of Chillhouse, Cyndi Ramirez. From plant-based beauty routine level ups to anxiety-reducing tips and tricks Chillhouse is a destination for modern self-care that's truly changing the game. During this convo, Cyndi chats about what it's like working with her husband, expanding her thriving business into The Chill Times, and the importance of managing self-care with the daily hustle and bustle that comes along with owning a business. \xa0 Chillhouse Link:\xa0https://chillhouse.com/\xa0 Chillhouse IG Link:\xa0www.instagram.com/chillhouse\xa0 The Chill Times IG Link:\xa0www.instagram.com/thechilltimes\xa0 Cyndi’s Personal IG Link:\xa0www.instagram.com/cyndiramirez\xa0 | When it comes to building confidence, Ashley Graham has quite a few gems to share. Coming live from the #CreateCultivateNYC main stage, Ashley and Jaclyn dish the deets about owning your true journey and acknowledging platforms that need more balanced representation. Tune in for some much needed real talk about.", 'chan_desc': 'Part work, Part party. WorkParty is a movement for a new generation of women like yourself, women who are redefining the meaning of work on their own terms. Welcome to WorkParty the podcast. Where creative and entrepreneurial women celebrate each other’s successes. WorkParty is the vision of Jaclyn Johnson, the powerhouse founder and CEO behind Create & Cultivate, the fastest growing online platform and conference for millennial women in business. In WorkParty the book, Jaclyn spills on how she found the determination to flip her rock bottom moment into hard work and success —and how you can, too. By age 32 she had sold a company, launched a new one, bought her first home, found the love of her life and had a million ups and downs in between. WorkParty the podcast is all the lessons she learned and the advice she wishes she had gotten along the way. You’ll hear from female founders, CEOs, entrepreneurs, creatives and so many other badass boss ladies. And what do you get from listening? We’re keeping it 100, giving you that career real-talk, and no BS advice.To check out the WorkParty blog and learn more about the WorkParty book and tour visit WorkParty.com. You can also follow along for daily updates and exclusive content on Instagram at @WorkParty.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/0c/63/3f/0c633f26-d4f5-15ae-afa8-cd823dc547f1/mza_849968821617159651.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-06-29'}}

{'Wealth, Power & Influence with Jason Stapleton': {'title': 'Wealth, Power & Influence with Jason Stapleton', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Wealth%2C-Power-%26-Influence-with-Jason-Stapleton-id1316939', 'num_comments': 12, 'author': 'Westwood One', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2850, 'play_count': 91658, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/Jason_Stapleton', 'https://omny.fm/shows/the-jason-stapleton-program'], 'ep_total': 327, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '01:03:10', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:58:32', 0], ['2019-09-30', '01:00:42', 1], ['2019-09-25', '00:53:45', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:55:30', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:00:44', 1], ['2019-09-20', '01:03:23', 3], ['2019-09-18', '00:49:21', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:56:47', 0], ['2019-09-13', '01:06:48', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'As an entrepreneur, you need to be paying close attention to the money coming in and the money going out.\xa0The former CEO of WeWork wasn\'t doing either and that\'s why they fired him from the company he founded.\xa0Support the show. | Yes, if you expose a crime being committed by the government BUT the government has declared that crime to be classified, you are now guilty of espionage. \xa0This according to the Justice Department, who is now seeking to prosecute a man for doing just that.\xa0We live in a world where words have no meaning, time has no value, and your government can commit any crime it likes as long as they classify it beforehand.\xa0Support the show. | Nancy Pelosi has the votes. It\'s a virtual certainty at this point that Trump will be impeached. The big question is, what happens after that?JasonSupport the show. | In the second half of this two-part series, we\'ll discuss both the demands of the climate extremists and their exploitation of children like Greta Thunberg.\xa0This episode is brought to you by our sponsors:Helix Sleep – There’s nobody on the planet like you – so why would you buy a generic mattress built for anyone else. Helix Sleep built a quiz that takes 2 minutes to complete and they use the answers to match your body-type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress.\xa0 Right now Helix is offering up to $125 off ALL mattress orders.\xa0 Just go to HelixSleep.com/STAPLETON.Skillshare\xa0- Join the millions of students already learning on Skillshare today!\xa0 Skillshare is offering "Wealth, Power & Influence" listeners two months of unlimited access to thousands of classes for free.\xa0 To sign up, go to\xa0Skillshare.com/STAPLETON.\xa0\xa0Support the show. | It\'s a two-part show today. There was just too much stuff worth talking about.\xa0In this first episode, we talk about the Trump impeachment, the Biden investigation, and why Washington won\'t save anyone from anything.This episode is brought to you by our sponsors:Stamps.com - Stamps.com eliminates trips to the Post Office AND saves you money with discounts that you can\'t even get at the Post Office!\xa0 Right now, our listeners get a special offer that includes a 4-week trial PLUS free postage AND a digital scale without any long-term commitment.\xa0 Just go to Stamps.com, click on the microphone at the TOP of the homepage and type in STAPLETON.Indochino - Indochino is the world\'s most exciting made to measure menswear company.\xa0 Start your style upgrade now with $30 off your total purchase of $399 or more at Indochino.com when entering STAPLETON at checkout.\xa0 Plus shipping is free!Support the show. | 46,000 UAW workers are striking at GM to get a little bigger piece of the pie. Problem is, they\'re slitting their own throats in the process.Automation, AI, and cheap overseas labor are going to kill repetitive factory work over the next 20 years.If you\'re looking to a union (or Trump) to protect you, then you deserve what you get.\xa0This episode is brought to you by our sponsors:Plexaderm - Picture your face in the mirror.\xa0 Do you see all those wrinkles and crows feet?\xa0 Now imagine they\'re gone! I\'m not talking about some risky, expensive surgery -- just gone inn minutes.\xa0 It\'s called PLEXADERM, a clinically studied serum that visibly eliminates your wrinkles, crow\'s feet and under eye bags in minutes! Go to TryPlexaderm.com and use my code STAPLETON for 50% off plus an extra $10 off.Honey - Honey is a free browser add-on that finds me the best deals online.\xa0 Honey finds discounts and coupons across 37,000 sites!\xa0 It\'s easy to install in just two clicks.\xa0 Get Honey for FREE at JoinHoney.com/JASON!Support the show. | The media doesn\'t report the news anymore, they manufacture it. And when there is no story, they\'ll write stories about how there MIGHT be a story.Case in point: today\'s show.JasonThis episode is brought to you by our sponsors:Blinds.com - Whether you\'re looking for energy efficiency, you just moved, or want to refresh the look of your home, Blinds.com makes the whole experience so FAST and EASY!\xa0 Plus, every order gets FREE samples, FREE shipping, and a FREE online design consultation.\xa0 For a limited time, my listeners save $20 at Blinds.com when you use promo code STAPLETON.\xa0 Rules and restrictions apply.\xa0\xa0Bespoke Post "Box of Awesome" - When you\'re constantly on the go - grinding away at the office or hanging out with friends - there\'s not much time to think about upgrading your style or apartment.\xa0 That\'s why I love getting a new\xa0Box of Awesome from\xa0Bespoke Post every month.\xa0 These guys are scouting for quality and unique products to send in each box.\xa0 Now you can experience it too at BoxOfAwesome.com.\xa0 To receive 20% off your first subscription box, go to BoxOfAwesome.com and enter code STAPLETON at checkout. Bespoke Post, themed boxes for guys that give a damn.Candid Co. - Candid is the clear alternative to braces.\xa0 You\'re one step away from getting straighter, brighter teeth! Learn more at CandidCo.com/STAPLETON and use code STAPLETON at checkout to get $75 off!Support the show. | The short answer is...maybe. The bombing of the Saudi Oil Fields brings us one step closer.\xa0Today I\'ll break down what happened and separate the facts from the hype.This episode is brought to you by our sponsor:ZipRecruiter - ZipRecruiter sends your job to over 100 of the web\'s leading job boards, but they don\'t stop there.\xa0 With their powerful matching technology, ZipRecruiter scans thousands of resumes to find people with the right experience and invites them to apply to your job.\xa0 Right now, my listeners can try ZipRecruiter FOR FREE at ZipRecruiter.com/stapleton.Support the show. | If you\'re an Andrew Yang supporter, you\'re going to hate this episode.But it\'s not really for you anyway.It\'s for everyone who\'s NOT eating fairy dust & drinking unicorn moonshine.This episode is brought to you by our sponsors:Express VPN -\xa0 If you believe that you\'re not being snooped on, or that nobody cares about your online data, well then I\'m sorry to disappoint you, but you\'re wrong.\xa0 Because you listen to my show, you;re clearly smart enough to understand that your privacy is under attack.\xa0 Hackers, governments, ad companies, and ISPs are gobbling up your data... like ALL of it.\xa0 That\'s why I recommend getting the software that I trust MY online activity: Express VPN.\xa0 Their apps use powerful encryption to secure your data.\xa0 Protect your online activity TODAY\xa0 and\xa0 get 3 months free with a one year package at EXPRESSVPN.com/JASON.Kabbage - Kabbage has created a simple, modern way for businesses to access up to $250,000 of credit.\xa0 Get the money you need for your small business today.\xa0 Go to Kabbage.com.\xa0 Credit lines subject to change.\xa0 Individual requests for capital are separate installment loans issued by Celtic Bank, Member FDIC.Support the show. | From health care to the "freedom dividend," the Dems were in full handout mode. Solving America\'s problems one government program at a time.\xa0It\'s sad that so many people still believe politicians are part of the solution and not part of the problem.\xa0This episode is brought to you by our sponsors:Harry\'s Razors - Harry\'s makes quality, durable blades at a fair price.\xa0 Listeners of my show can redeem their trial set at Harrys.com/STAPLETON.Skillshare - Join the millions of students already learning on Skillshare today!\xa0 Skillshare is offering "Wealth, Power & Influence" listeners two months of unlimited access to thousands of classes for free.\xa0 To sign up, go to Skillshare.com/STAPLETON.\xa0\xa0Support the show.', 'chan_desc': 'Jason Stapleton is a successful entrepreneur, business coach, award-winning film producer, and investor with a unique take on life, culture, and success. Join Jason three times a week as he shares insights on creating a more powerful, wealthy and influential life.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/ec/18/a0/ec18a028-e6fe-0c99-d735-b5aa29acf6da/mza_2468998929918987882.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-01-22'}}

{'The Construction Leading Edge Podcast': {'title': 'The Construction Leading Edge Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Construction-Leading-Edge-Podcast-id66142', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Todd Dawalt', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 640, 'play_count': 9539, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.constructionleadingedge.com/'], 'ep_total': 134, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '01:16:38', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:41:48', 1], ['2019-09-18', '00:51:48', 0], ['2019-09-11', '01:06:15', 0], ['2019-09-03', '01:07:47', 0], ['2019-08-27', '01:02:17', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:52:40', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:58:34', 0], ['2019-08-12', '01:19:50', 0], ['2019-08-06', '01:04:29', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'How does Toby Jones get work without even bidding?\xa0 Why did he gladly pay $10,000 for a phone number? \xa0 What you\'ll learn in this construction podcast episode:  How does Toby manage to get work without even bidding? What phone number did he pay $10,000 for, and why was it such a good investment? How did his business get started in a Borders book store one night? The difference between commercial and residential, and which one Toby focuses exclusively on. Toby\'s #1 piece of advice that will make you rethink how you approach your subs and clients.  \xa0 Resources mentioned in this construction podcast episode: FieldChat - The ultimate text messaging platform for construction sites. The ADVANCE Live 2 Day Event for Construction Business Owners \xa0 How to connect with Toby Jones of Jones Construction Solutions: Jones Construction Solutions website -\xa0www.jonesconstructionsolutions.com/ Facebook Page Instagram - @jonesconstructionsolutions \xa0 \xa0 | What\'s my #1 business development strategy that prohibits talking about yourself?\xa0 Where should you start transforming your mindset? \xa0 What you\'ll learn about in this construction podcast episode:  Want to break into a new market or just build your network?\xa0 Try this strategy out. If you don\'t talk about yourself, who should you talk about when building a network? How to use social media to build your referral network...without doing any selling. One thing you can do for three minutes a day that will change your life. A dead simple way to start creating systems and processes for your business. One question you probably haven\'t thought about answering as you begin to build systems.  \xa0 Resources mentioned in this construction podcast episode: FieldChat - The ultimate text messaging platform for construction sites The ADVANCE - Live 2 day mastermind event for construction business owners \xa0 | Taking ownership goes a long way toward solving a lot the biggest problems plaguing your projects, your business and changing your life. What you\'ll learn about in this construction podcast episode:  What taking ownership of your construction project schedules looks like. The difference between asking questions and getting answers. Why "not my job" or "by others" isn\'t good enough. How to lead your clients through their projects. Who should be deciding how successful you are? What does Will Smith have to do with all this? How to start taking ownership of your business. Where should you start if you want to turn your life around.  Resources mentioned in this construction podcast episode: Extreme Ownership - by Jocko Willink and Leif Babin The Construction Business Accelerator The ADVANCE Live Event Offload your bookkeeping headaches FieldChat - The ultimate text messaging platform for construction sites | The cannabis construction segment of our industry is booming and expected to grow.\xa0 Eamonn O\'Kane, CEO of Valiant America has grown a construction business that specializes in this industry. \xa0 Here\'s what you\'ll learn in this construction podcast:  Why does Eamonn say the cannabis construction industry is a "minefield?" What are the pitfalls to watch out for? The types of buildings in the cannabis industry. What is the biggest opportunity right now in this segment? Why did Eamonn move to the U.S. from Ireland, and how did he start a business? What was Eamonn\'s biggest challenge getting started? Hint..it wasn\'t "out there."  \xa0 Resources mentioned in this construction podcast: FieldChat - The ultimate text messaging platform for construction sites and crews The ADVANCE - A 2 Day Live Event for Construction Business Owners Peer Groups - Click here to learn how and why you might join a small group of other construction business owners for monthly accountability calls \xa0 How you can contact Eamonn O\'Kane Company website -\xa0https://www.valiant-america.com/ LinkedIn -\xa0https://www.linkedin.com/company/valiant-america/ Facebook -\xa0https://www.facebook.com/ValiantAmerica/ Instagram -\xa0https://www.instagram.com/valiantamerica/ | You can select the right "voice" based on the situation you\'re in.\xa0 How can you build your confidence? What are some of the mistakes we make toward the other gender? Listen to find out... \xa0 What you\'ll get out of this construction podcast episode:  Find out which of the four voice styles you have, and how to master it. How you can build your confidence. What is "porcupine wrestling?" The unintentional biases men have toward women. The biggest mistakes women leaders make in business. Expert advice on improving your customer experience. Where to start if you want to create a great training program. What is a "trust account" and why should you care?  \xa0 Resources mentioned on this construction podcast: Women in Residential Construction Conference - September 25-27, 2019 The ADVANCE Live Event hosted by Todd Dawalt - October 17-18, 2019 Peer Groups for Construction Business Owners - Interested? Send a text to 859-409-8849 \xa0 How you can connect with Leyah Valgardson: Company website -\xa0https://www.leadersvoice.co Instagram LinkedIn | What are some of the biggest mistakes contractors make with W.C? What should your broker be doing for you on your W.C. policy?\xa0 How can you get your Experience Mod down?\xa0 What you\'ll learn in this construction podcast episode:  What is your Experience Modification Rating, and how can you get it reduced? How can you minimize your Worker\'s Comp premiums? How often should your broker have an accountability check, and what questions should you ask them? What are some of the biggest misconceptions about worker\'s comp insurance? What is a "Unit Stat Report" and why should your broker be preparing one for you?  Resources mentioned in this construction podcast: FieldChat - The ultimate text messaging platform for construction sites The ADVANCE - The live 2 day mastermind meeting for construction business owners - October 17-18, 2019 in Lexington, KY \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | How do you build custom modular homes on an island? What\'s going on in the offsite construction industry, and where is it heading?\xa0 How can YOU build your business with what\'s in your pocket? Do you hate doing your own bookkeeping...or do you suck at it?\xa0 Now there\'s a better way. [Click here to learn more] \xa0 Here\'s what you\'ll learn in this construction podcast:  How Dave Cooper is building his business with videos he shoots with the phone in his pocket. What is the big picture of the offsite/modular construction industry?\xa0 Who are some big players investing money there? Challenges involved with building a modular home on an island. Common misconceptions about modular and offsite construction. How you can and should get started with video to grow your business and your personal brand.  Resources mentioned in this construction podcast: Connecticut Valley Homes - www.ctvalleyhomes.com Dave\'s website - www.davecooper.live Connect with Dave on LinkedIn -\xa0https://www.linkedin.com/in/davecooperlive/ | The "Mythbusters" edition where you\'ll learn the myths and urban legends about growing your construction business that need to be debunked. Click here to enroll in The Construction Business Accelerator while you still can \xa0 What you\'ll learn from this construction podcast:  Silver Bullet Syndrome How you can triple a business in size and cut the stress in half. Why not wanting to grow your business is selfish How Charles Lindbergh turned the tide in the South Pacific during WW2. Your problems may not be "out there" FAQs about the Construction Business Accelerator program  What can The Construction Business Accelerator do for you? Click here to see why it\'s a no-brainer | Systematize Your Construction Business: The audio from the webinar and online training video series.\xa0 Click here to enroll in The Construction Business Accelerator while you still can \xa0 What you\'ll learn from this construction podcast: - Learn how to identify the root cause(s) of your cash flow problems, and get strategies to solve it. - Find out how Jeff, a custom home builder saved the 40% of his week he was spending texting, calling and emailing subs and customers. - Discover how Ryan was able to cancel plans to hire two sales reps by making a simple tweak to his sales process. - The biggest mistake you could be making when it comes to solving the chaos in your business. - Discover the secret to creating better processes that require less effort and less enforcement. - Figure out which Stage (1 through 5) YOUR business is at, and what you need to hammer on to get to the next stage.  Stick around to the end and you\'ll find out how to get $6,000 worth of free resources. What can The Construction Business Accelerator do for you? Click here to see why it\'s a no-brainer | How to think about cash flow differently, and tips for getting better financial clarity from a former construction business owner who happens to be a CPA. What you\'ll learn about in this construction podcast:  The danger of not handling your books. What does it look like to have good financial data How can your numbers tell you a story that\'s useful? How to think about cash flow differently Spencer\'s most educational mistake as an entrepreneur. What is the language barrier you need to be aware of...and how do you overcome it?  Resources mentioned in this construction podcast: Systematize Your Construction Business - Get your free training videos while they\'re still available The ADVANCE Fall 2019 - The live event for construction business owners Spencer\'s website - Shift Financial - www.shiftfinancial.co', 'chan_desc': 'The Construction Leading Edge is a one stop shop for contracting professionals who want to be more effective entrepreneurs and leaders.  Business owners, managers, project executives, project managers, and field leaders will all benefit from the interviews, resources, tools, and tips offered.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e6/ce/22/e6ce22b1-153c-c09c-e7e9-be02375b225a/mza_5830939799568613999.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-03-03'}}

{'Savvy Shopkeeper Retail Podcast': {'title': 'Savvy Shopkeeper Retail Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Savvy-Shopkeeper-Retail-Podcast-id2374992', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Kathy Cruz', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 9, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://savvyshopkeeper.com/'], 'ep_total': 3, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-26', '00:24:17', 1], ['2019-09-24', '00:18:52', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:21:49', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'SAVVY SHOPKEEPER SHOWNOTES:\xa0https://savvyshopkeeper.com/episode3/ SAVVY SHOPKEEPER WEBSITE:\xa0https://savvyshopkeeper.com/ SAVVY SHOPKEEPERS FACEBOOK COMMUNITY:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/savvyshopkeepers/ SAVVY SHOPKEEPER INSTAGRAM:\xa0\xa0https://www.instagram.com/savvyshopkeeper/ | SAVVY SHOPKEEPER SHOWNOTES:\xa0https://savvyshopkeeper.com/episode2/ SAVVY SHOPKEEPER WEBSITE:\xa0https://savvyshopkeeper.com/ SAVVY SHOPKEEPERS FACEBOOK COMMUNITY:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/savvyshopkeepers/ SAVVY SHOPKEEPER INSTAGRAM:\xa0\xa0https://www.instagram.com/savvyshopkeeper/ | Learn about Kathy Cruz and the Savvy Shopkeeper brand and mission.\xa0 Find out what you can expect in upcoming episodes. This has been a long time coming!\xa0 It’s been months since I blogged, but for good reason.\xa0 I spent the past two months learning how to podcast, finding an editor, partnering with a sponsor, and creating “all the things” to get ready for this launch. Well, it’s finally here – the Savvy Shopkeeper Podcast! My goal is to provide you with a weekly podcast that’s easily digestible, maybe 20 minutes or so, where I teach you one valuable tool or lesson about shopkeeping. I have a long-running list of topics that shopkeepers have been asking me for and I’m ready to dive in – I hope you are too! Episode 1 covers the who, what, where, when, how and why of the Savvy Shopkeeper Podcast. It’s an introduction to me, the mission of Savvy Shopkeeper and what you can expect from the podcast. I’ll be starting off this series with 12 episodes that I’m proud to say are sponsored by\xa0Darice.\xa0 If I’ve learned anything from partnering with Darice, it’s that they are just as committed to helping independent retailers as I am. If you take a moment to listen to Darice’s sponsor ad during this episode, you’ll get a special discount code for your next order – trust me, it’s worth it because they don’t offer this type of discount to anyone else – it’s just for Savvy Shopkeeper! Just like any other entrepreneurial journey, I’m sure I’ll learn a lot, make changes and improvements, depending on your needs…because this podcast is for YOU. Links to articles or resources mentioned in Episode #1: Forbes article\xa0by Janice Gassam, “New Research Finds That Supporting Female Entrepreneurs Could Boost Global Economy By $5 Trillion” Shopkeeper’s Academy Savvy Shopkeepers Free Facebook Group Savvy Shopkeeper Website If you have feedback or episode suggestions, please use this\xa0contact form\xa0to send me a message.\xa0 If you enjoy the podcast, please subscribe and submit a review.\xa0 I would GREATLY appreciate it! Until episode #2… Be Savvy and Boss up!', 'chan_desc': "Independent retailers wear so many hats! Each week join fellow small business retailer, Kathy Cruz, as she teaches women retail business owners how to manage and market their businesses efficiently so they can spend time doing other things they love. Whether you are a maker with an online shop, a brick and mortar store owner, sell your products at local markets or you're a booth vendor in a mall - this podcast is for you!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/d9/fe/8d/d9fe8d0b-fdeb-a748-1458-eab1aaa1af7f/mza_7563454555315863019.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-09'}}

{'Silent Sales Machine Radio': {'title': 'Silent Sales Machine Radio', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Silent-Sales-Machine-Radio-id411282', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Jim Cockrum', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1376, 'play_count': 37573, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/SilentSalesMach', 'http://silentsalesmachine.libsyn.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 223, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:37:02', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:51:39', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:46:43', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:40:27', 0], ['2019-09-19', '01:49:02', 2], ['2019-09-16', '00:58:57', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:40:50', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:17:43', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:25:02', 0], ['2019-08-26', '01:11:04', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'I\'ve been using the internet creatively as the sole source of income for my family of seven for 17 years, but last week was the BEST WEEK I can recall. The results, momentum, success stories from the community, the live event that surpassed our expectations...and oh yeah - the #1 BEST SELLING TOY ON AMAZON are just the start. We measure our success by YOUR success - come hear how we are winning together with the greatest community of business building warriors in the world! Notes are all at https://silentjim.com/podcast \xa0 \xa0 -Poverty Mentality\xa0podcast\xa0episode is #213 \xa0 -TheProvenConference.com for details about videos, 2020 tickets and other details \xa0 -Link to proof of our #1 toy ranking on Amazon:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/mysilentteam/permalink/2402937673155662/ \xa0 -ProvenAmazonCourse.com - the best selling amazon training course in the world \xa0 -SilentSalesMachine.com - the $5 book that started it all \xa0 -Our 53,000 member FREE facebook group:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/mysilentteam/ \xa0 | Today we hang out with a seven figure Amazon seller who supports his young family with income\xa0from his growing business. We recently\xa0both returned from TheProvenConference.com event, so we are excited to share some of the highlights of what we learned from that event as well in this episode. \xa0 As always, all links can be\xa0found at SilentJim.com or contact our support team here: support@SilentSalesMachine.com \xa0  YouTube link to see the video of the interview\xa0https://youtu.be/Ag5Bs7AABOY  ProvenTeamBuilding.com \xa0 TheProvenConference.com \xa0 ProvenAmazonCourse.com \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Stay updated with us on\xa0Facebook Messenger\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | Having recently left his six figure corporate job to pursue the entrepreneurial lifestyle full-time, Richard along with his wife Shelley are very excited about the future. They have built three income streams and today we\'ll hear about each of them. Their Amazon selling business is currently centered on the wholesale selling strategies taught in the ProvenAmazonCourse.com course and they have two other exciting businesses as well that allow them to be home and together a lot with their beautiful family of five! Show notes and links at SilentJim.com\xa0 \xa0 Notes: The Facebook post they made that prompted this episode:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/mysilentteam/permalink/2319725621476868/ You need to be a member of our community to view this.\xa0 \xa0 Watch this episode on YouTube:\xa0https://youtu.be/cWWV0J4URVE \xa0  Stay updated with us on\xa0Facebook Messenger\xa0 \xa0  | In today\'s episode we interview ProvenAmazonCourse.com success story Michelle Henderson. Her infectious energy and "overcomer" spirit will inspire and encourage you! You\'ll learn about "replens", "reverse sourcing" and how she\'s gone from barely selling $1,000 per month online to a healthy business generating $10,000 or more monthly with healthy profit margins! \xa0 See the interview on our YouTube channel\xa0https://youtu.be/S4rSpmy1Z6A \xa0 TheProvenConference.com (get details on videos from our most recent live event) REPLENS: ProvenAmazonCourse.com/replens LEGENDS: ProvenAmazonCourse.com/legends\xa0 \xa0 OTHER EPISODES: Please visit SilentJim.com/podcast to hear other episodes you\'ve missed! | Our keynote address on Sept 11, 2019 was delivered\xa0in front of nearly 700 attendees at "TheProvenConference" and WOW was it HUGE!\xa0 We probably should have reserved this episode ONLY for those who paid to attend, but we just had to share it because we\'ve never seen such incredible feedback.\xa0 CAUTION: Listening to this episode may make you KICK YOURSELF for not being there...and it will almost certainly make you block out the dates of July 21-23rd 2020 (our next big event). Get ready to laugh, be challenged and EARN MORE with simple, timeless strategies from my friend Daniel Lapin. All notes are at SilentJim.com/podcast \xa0 \xa0 TheProvenConference.com/boca2020 YouNeedARabbi.com | Our most recent JimCockrumCoaching.com interview. Imagine working an intense, full-time job with a wife and three daughters at home - driving 2 hours to work and 2 hours home EVERY DAY and STILL finding a way to build a $30K per month business selling on Amazon within 90 days (in your "spare" time)! That\'s what Oscar did and in this episode we tell you how!\xa0 We\'ve just returned from our annual TheProvenConference.com meet up, and while nearly 700 of your fellow listeners were there, I met the guy you are about to meet. I recorded this episode just before the conference, and this gentleman is everything\xa0he seems to be in this great interview. This episode is in our Facebook group and on Youtube as well. Both links below. As always, get all show notes and links at SilentJim.com/podcast \xa0 Our episode on our YouTube channel https://youtu.be/W6uz9xppdpQ \xa0 Watch this episode on Facebook here:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/jimcockrum/videos/10218129241837621/\xa0 \xa0 JimCockrumCoaching.com - the program Oscar joined \xa0 TheProvenConference.com (for videos of 2019 event and details on the 2020 event) \xa0 ProvenAmazonCourse.com (the best selling, newbie friendly and advanced content Amazon "how to" course in the world) \xa0 \xa0 | Jeff Cohen of Seller Labs comes to talk with Jim today! Jeff has been in business only six years and now has 65 employees and thousands of customers. He offers our community support tools that you should check out. Today he is talking with Jim about success mentality and the needed skill set of knowing how to innovate and hurdle failure. Take the action, fail and learn how to roll with it becomes the platform in this really encouraging conversation. Jeff\'s overcomer\'s attitude with fear and the needed pivotal change and adaptation is the perfect reminder of how flexible our online businesses really are and the unlimited possibilities we are afforded in our community. You will be refreshed by this interview! Be sure to check out Jeff\'s resources in our show notes at SilentJim.com/podcast. \xa0 https://silentjim.com/tos Seller Lab link \xa0 TheProvenConference.com \xa0 https://youtu.be/TRr7VwNkpTY YouTube Video\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | Those who can\'t attend our live event Sept 11-13 can get live stream access (which includes full video access!) In this episode Jim helps you decide if this offer is for you. Are you new to selling online? You\'ll love getting full live stream and video access to this powerful three day event! We\'ll have everything from new students (including everyone from teens to retired) as well as business builders with 8 figure businesses! Get details about live stream and recorded video access at TheProvenConference.com \xa0  TheProvenConference.com \xa0 Event Facebook group (Open until mid Sept 2019) https://www.facebook.com/groups/theprovenconference2019/ \xa0 Video of Jim discussing the speakers and sessions: https://www.facebook.com/jimcockrum/videos/10217971262008224/  \xa0 | The premiss of this episode is simple. Listen and apply what you learn and starting as soon as tomorrow, you\'ll never have a "job" again the rest of your life!\xa0 Our culture talks about diversified investments, workplaces, education etc., so why not diversified INCOME? Let\'s get it started NOW. All show notes at SilentJim.com/podcast \xa0 \xa0 Amazon101Course.com \xa0 ProvenAmazonCourse.com \xa0  Our facebook group \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | Today\'s episode features a panel discussion with several quick cash ideas for all aspiring entrepreneurs! Those who are new to earning money in their own business will especially enjoy this open conversation! Some of the ideas are funny and unusual and others are super exciting and wide open! You\'ll hear a host of topics that are sure to get your creative business wheels turning! The four hosts are four of the leaders and content creators in our community. This episode is available in the MySilentTeam facebook group as well as a video so you can interact with or team - to see the video of this episode use the link in the show notes below. Guests include\xa0Delia Ursulescu, Eric Land, Jenni Hunt, Ryan Reger \xa0 LINKS: See the video of this episode and join the conversation in our Facebook community:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/mysilentteam/permalink/2303692073080223/ \xa0 ProvenAmazonCourse.com \xa0 MST Facebook group', 'chan_desc': 'Join thousands of other documented successful entrepreneurs who have learned to launch or grow thriving online businesses using cutting-edge, exciting strategies for Amazon, Amazon FBA, eBay, self-publishing, online marketing and other proven online business strategies as taught by author Jim Cockrum.As arguably the all time best-selling author in the world on the topic of online business success, Jim\'s recently updated "Silent Sales Machine" book has launched countless success stories. Are you next? This podcast is for anyone who is looking to build or start an online business the RIGHT way with advice from one of the most trusted names in online marketing.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts71/v4/02/7d/65/027d6532-acd3-bff7-b1e4-cc1e16a03fe1/mza_3089766923696544501.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-11-09'}}

{'Elevate with Robert Glazer': {'title': 'Elevate with Robert Glazer', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Elevate-with-Robert-Glazer-id2031105', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Robert Glazer', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 129, 'play_count': 1091, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://robertglazerpodcast.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 53, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:08:09', 1], ['2019-09-27', '00:53:08', 1], ['2019-09-24', '00:10:14', 1], ['2019-09-17', '00:54:54', 1], ['2019-09-10', '00:56:37', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:35:48', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:09:48', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:44:31', 1], ['2019-08-13', '00:09:43', 1], ['2019-08-06', '00:40:56', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': "In a special episode of the Elevate Podcast, host Robert Glazer shares an excerpt from his new book,\xa0Elevate: Push Beyond Your Limits and Unlock Success in Yourself and Others. Elevate\xa0is a framework any person can use to build their capacity, set and achieve higher goals and build a life that fulfills them. Glazer shares why he wrote the book, how capacity building works, and why the lessons from\xa0Elevate\xa0will help not just readers, but the people closest to them. Elevate\xa0is endorsed by Adam Grant, Kim Scott, Dan Pink, Hal Elrod and others. It\xa0is available for purchase now, so get your copy today! | Dandapani has lived a unique and purpose-driven life.\xa0 He is a Hindu priest and entrepreneur who spent his first 10 years after university studying as a monk at a monastery in Hawaii.\xa0 He concluded his study and took his well-honed knowledge of discipline, focus and energy management to help others harness their energy and build a life of purpose and joy.\xa0 Dandapani has also delivered a TEDx Talk, “Unwavering Focus,” which has been viewed three million times. Dandapani joined host Robert Glazer on the Elevate Podcast to talk about his time as a monk, the value of practicing how to focus, the importance of building high quality relationships, and how you can take control of your consciousness to live a more purposeful life. A big thanks to our episode sponsor, DoorDash Long day at work?\xa0 Still stuck at the office?\xa0 Treat yourself to the meal you deserve, and have your favorite restaurants come to you, with  DoorDash.\xa0 DoorDash connects you to 340,000 restaurants in over 3,300 cities, so not only are your favorites on there, but you might a great new spot as well. Don’t worry about dinner, let dinner come to you.\xa0 Get $5 off your first order of $15 or more by downloading the  DoorDash app and entering the promo code ELEVATE. Show Notes On this episode, you’ll learn about:  Dandapani’s early life, including his decision to study at a monastery. What it’s really like to spend 10 years studying as a monk. Dandapani’s adjustment returning from the monastery, including his decision to become an entrepreneur. Why we have so much trouble focusing, and how we can practice it. How awareness, and understanding of our own mind, can improve our quality of life. The value of relationships, and the importance of prioritizing the most healthy ones over others. A mistake Dandapani has made, and what he learned from it.  | On a new episode of the Elevate Podcast, host Robert Glazer shares two more posts from Friday Forward, his inspirational newsletter that reaches 100,000 leaders around the world each week. In Blame Game, Robert discusses how rare true accountability can be, and highlights the importance of owning a mistake and learning from it. In Better or Worse, Robert shares how perspective is everything when responding to a difficult situation. You can join the 100,000 people who get Friday Forward each week by\xa0signing up today! | JJ Virgin is one of the world’s leading experts on health, sharing knowledge of everything from exercise routine, to ideal diet, to managing physical and emotional stress.\xa0 She is a celebrity nutrition and fitness expert and the author of four New York Times bestsellers, including the The Virgin Diet, The Virgin Diet Cookbook and Warrior Mom.\xa0 JJ is a contributor to multiple media outlets, including the Huffington Post, the host of the JJ Virgin Lifestyle Podcast and has been featured on Dr. Phil, Dr. Oz, the Today Show and more. JJ joined host Robert Glazer on the Elevate Podcast to talk about diet myths, tips to improving physical and mental health, and leading her family through a devastating tragedy—and coming out stronger on the other side. A big thanks to our episode sponsor, HoneyBook! When you started your business, you probably didn’t do it so you could spend all day doing admin tasks like drafting proposals, contracts and invoices.\xa0 HoneyBook is here to help you do all the administrative things your business needs, but you don’t want to spend valuable time doing yourself. Professional templates, e-signature technology and booking software are just a few of the things HoneyBook can offer to help your business run efficiently and look professional to clients and vendors.\xa0 They can even consolidate services you already use, like G-Suite and MailChimp. Listeners of this podcast can get 50% off your first year of HoneyBook by going to Honeybook.com/elevate/. | Nir Eyal is an entrepreneur, investor and expert on the intersection of psychology, technology and business.\xa0 He has started and sold multiple technology companies, invested in several more, and authored two books.\xa0 The second, Indistractible: How to Control Your Attention and Choose Your Life, published today and is now available for purchase. Nir joined host Robert Glazer on the Elevate Podcast to talk about why technology distracts us, how it influences our everyday lives, the impact it has on children—and their parents—and how you can free yourselves from distraction and choose your own life. A big thanks to our episode sponsor, DoorDash Long day at work?\xa0 Still stuck at the office?\xa0 Treat yourself to the meal you deserve, and have your favorite restaurants come to you, with  DoorDash.\xa0 DoorDash connects you to 340,000 restaurants in over 3,300 cities, so not only are your favorites on there, but you might a great new spot as well. Don’t worry about dinner, let dinner come to you.\xa0 Get $5 off your first order of $15 or more by downloading the  DoorDash app and entering the promo code ELEVATE. | Garry Ridge, in addition to being an accomplished leader, has committed to being a lifelong learner. \xa0He is the CEO of WD-40 Company, a global corporation that, despite its size and scope, has fostered a 93 percent employee engagement rate. Garry was named Igniter of the Year by Simon Sinek in 2016 and is a world-famous author, speaker and executive coach. \xa0On this episode of the Elevate Podcast, Garry joins host Robert Glazer to talk about transforming WD-40’s culture by building an environment of learning, collaboration and accountability. A big thanks to our episode sponsor, DoorDash Long day at work? \xa0Still stuck at the office? \xa0Treat yourself to the meal you deserve, and have your favorite restaurants come to you, with DoorDash. \xa0DoorDash connects you to 340,000 restaurants in over 3,300 cities, so not only are your favorites on there, but you might a great new spot as well. Don’t worry about dinner, let dinner come to you. \xa0Get $5 off your first order of $15 or more by downloading the DoorDash app\xa0and entering the promo code ELEVATE. | On a new episode of the Elevate Podcast, host Robert Glazer shares two more posts from Friday Forward, his inspirational newsletter that reaches 100,000 leaders around the world each week. In Going Down, Robert discusses that the best leaders are the ones who can keep their team motivated and vigilant in the descent from a big achievement. In Moon Shot, Robert shares the importance of keeping your eyes on your Big, Hairy, Audacious Goal, or BHAG. You can join the 100,000 people who get Friday Forward each week by\xa0signing up today! | Allie Mooney is an award-winning keynote speaker and a leading expert on what people need.\xa0 She travels around the world to teach people how to better understand their teams, friends and partners, and to build stronger personal and professional relationships. Allie has won Speaker of the Year in her home country of New Zealand three times and is one of just five percent of all speakers to receive the Certified Speaking Professional award.\xa0 She is also the author of the bestselling book Pushing the Right Buttons.\xa0 Allie joined host Robert Glazer on the Elevate Podcast to discuss how Pushing the Right Buttons transforms businesses, strengthened her own marriage, and gives people the ability to lead through influence. A big thanks to our episode sponsor, DoorDash Long day at work?\xa0 Still stuck at the office?\xa0 Treat yourself to the meal you deserve, and have your favorite restaurants come to you, with  DoorDash.\xa0 DoorDash connects you to 340,000 restaurants in over 3,300 cities, so not only are your favorites on there, but you might a great new spot as well. Don’t worry about dinner, let dinner come to you.\xa0 Get $5 off your first order of $15 or more by downloading the  DoorDash app and entering the promo code ELEVATE. | On a new episode of the Elevate Podcast, host Robert Glazer shares two more posts from Friday Forward, his inspirational newsletter that reaches 100,000 leaders around the world each week. In Purpose and Pain, Robert discusses the way we can draw inspiration from the struggles we've faced in life, and how are greatest strengths often stem from our deepest wounds.\xa0 In the Grind, Robert shares the challenges of nearing the summit, whether you're climbing a literal mountain or pursuing an audacious goal. You can join the 100,000 people who get Friday Forward each week by signing up today! | Brian Scudamore has always been a visionary.\xa0 He dropped out of college at age 18 and started 1-800-GOT-JUNK, which he has grown into a $100 million dollar business. Brian has built a career by being willing to fail and always keeping an eye on the big picture.\xa0 He is the author of WTF (Willing to Fail), has appeared on Undercover Boss Canada, Dr. Oz and The Today Show.\xa0 Brian joins host Robert Glazer to talk about building a business at 18 and helping others build a Vivid Vision for their company. On this episode, you’ll learn about:  Brian’s experience as an atypical high school student. How Brian launched his business at age 18. Why Brian had to make the hard decision to fire all 11 of his employees. Brian’s relationship with Cameron Herold, and how it changed the course of his buissiness. How Brian decided to write a book. How Vivid Vision works, and why anybody can be a visionary. ", 'chan_desc': "Learn how to push your limits and elevate your life, your business and your family with the Elevate Podcast.  Join Robert Glazer, CEO of Acceleration Partners and creator of the Friday Forward, as he sits down with people who are at the top of their fields—from renowned entrepreneurs, visionaries and change-makers to the world's great writers, thinkers and business leaders. In his discussions, you’ll hear from experts about how they grow their capacity and help others achieve their best lives. Whether you are wanting to build better habits, trying to push yourself to a new level or looking to learn tips from people who share your passion for improvement, this podcast will help you make actionable changes in your life and start reaping the benefits today.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/41/e9/9e/41e99e1a-4a75-d2fb-b85b-a7b9db5444ed/mza_843434248852965447.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-02-11'}}

{'Libros para Emprendedores': {'title': 'Libros para Emprendedores', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Libros-para-Emprendedores-id414811', 'num_comments': 78, 'author': 'Luis Ramos', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 50486, 'play_count': 243820, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros', 'https://www.facebook.com/EmprendedoresLibros', 'http://librosparaemprendedores.net/'], 'ep_total': 202, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '01:16:24', 6], ['2019-09-25', '01:02:32', 10], ['2019-09-17', '01:07:12', 7], ['2019-09-02', '01:30:37', 7], ['2019-08-19', '01:12:35', 4], ['2019-08-14', '00:59:14', 9], ['2019-07-29', '00:51:03', 8], ['2019-07-08', '00:49:45', 4], ['2019-07-01', '01:04:15', 8], ['2019-06-25', '01:17:33', 11]], 'hover_text_concat': '* EPISODIO PATROCINADO POR EL NUEVO PODCAST DE NAT GEO "DETRÁS DE BIOS". Suscríbete ahora mismo:\xa0\xa0smarturl.it/LibrosEmprendedores\xa0** \xa0 ¿Cómo podemos ser más productivos? ¿Cómo desarrollar al máximo nuestro potencial y poder ser la mejor versión de nosotros mismos? Fácil... Sólo tenemos que levantarnos a las 5 de la mañana. :) Esta semana te resumo el libro\xa0El Club de las 5 de la mañana\xa0(The 5am Club, 2018), del famosísimo Robin Sharma en el que, a través de una historia, vemos como se puede pasar de estar en lo más bajo, a punto de tirar la toalla, sin esperanzas... y aún así levantarte y llegar a ser tu mejor versión. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro:  CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "El Club de las 5 de la mañana" \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/124 \xa0 ¿Quieres unirte a nuestro nuevo grupo privado de Facebook, RETOS360. Apúnta ahora AQUÍ!!! _______________\xa0 ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | ¿Por qué nos cuesta tanto tomar decisiones? ¿Por qué la mitad de las veces (literalmente) las decisiones que tomamos salen mal? ¿Qué podemos hacer para tomar mejores decisiones? Esta semana te resumo el libro\xa0Decídete\xa0(Decisive, 2013), de los hermanos Chip y Dan Heath, recordados autores del libro Ideas que Pegan, y que nos dibujan un escenario en el que hay una serie de villanos que debemos combatir si queremos ser buenos en eso de "tomar decisiones", algo que conseguiremos con acciones y tácticas muy específicas y que puedes poner en práctica hoy mismo. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "Decídete": https://amzn.to/2mu1zv2 \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/123 \xa0 ... y aquí tienes el resumen del otro libro que hemos visto de los hermanos Heath: "Ideas que pegan". Parte 1\xa0 |\xa0 Parte 2 _______________\xa0 ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | El marketing que conocíamos ya dejó de existir. El crear un anuncio para alcanzar a las masas ya dejó de ser efectivo. Existe una nueva forma de hacer marketing, una nueva forma de alinearte con tus futuros clientes, una nueva forma de comunicarte y de satisfacer sus necesidades. Esta semana te resumo el muy reciente libro\xa0Esto Es Marketing\xa0(This Is Marketing, 2018), del número 1 mundial del marketing Seth Godin, en el que nos muestra el camino, paso a paso, para crear productos que la gente necesite y ame comprar, cómo crear tribus de fans, cómo hablar su idioma, cómo cerrar más ventas... en definitiva, nos da las claves del nuevo marketing. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "Esto Es Marketing": https://amzn.to/2O7QZWc \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/122 \xa0 ... y mi entrevista con Seth Godin, hablando de este libro:\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB9zQndIFQw _______________\xa0 ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | ¿Cómo deshacernos de hábitos "malos"? ¿Cómo adquirir hábitos "buenos"? Existe un proceso, paso a paso, para conseguir ambas cosas. Una serie de 4 pasos para incorporar hábitos que te lleven a ser una mejor versión de ti, con una nueva identidad, con un concepto que haga que no sólo incorpores mejores hábitos, sino que cambies en tu forma de pensar. Esta semana te resumo el muy reciente libro\xa0Hábitos Atómicos\xa0(Atomic Habits, 2018), de James Clear, en el que veremos de la importancia no sólo de cambiar hábitos y de cómo hacerlo, sino de lo verdaderamente importante: anclarlos a un cambio en nuestra identidad, para hacerlos permanentes. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "Hábitos Atómicos": https://amzn.to/2NUL5bd \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/121 ________ No te pierdas el taller en vivo que voy a impartir, personalmente, en CDMX este próximo 14 de septiembre de 2019: "Generar ideas de negocio de éxito"  Por tiempo limitado, adquiere tus boletos con un 50%, aquí:  Comprar Tickets\xa0 ________ \xa0 ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | ¿Qué valores, qué reglas necesitamos para comunicarnos con los demás? ¿Qué reglas necesitamos para poder convivir sanamente con los que te rodean? ¿Qué formas de comportamiento son las más constructivas y me van a dar una mayor satisfacción personal? Esta semana te resumo la segunda parte del libro\xa012 Reglas para Vivir\xa0(12 Rules for Life, 2018), de Jordan B. Peterson, profesor de psicología clínica, y proponente de estas 12 reglas para vivir teniendo una vida más plena, y que funcionen como antídoto al caos. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "12 Reglas para Vivir": https://amzn.to/2YPImGm \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/120 ________ ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | En la sociedad en la que vivimos, cada vez existe más caos, y la educación que le damos a nuestros hijo y los valores por los que nos regimos... cada vez son más difusos, más edulcorados. Esta semana te resumo la primera parte del libro\xa012 Reglas para Vivir\xa0(12 Rules for Life, 2018), de Jordan B. Peterson, profesor de psicología clínica, y proponente de esta especie de nuevos "mandamientos" para tener una vida más plena, y que funcionen como antídoto al caos. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "12 Reglas para Vivir": https://amzn.to/2YPImGm \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/119 ________ ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | \xa0¿Cómo dejar de dudar de tu grandeza y comenzar a vivir una vida increíble? ¿Cómo dejar atrás una vida incompleta, llena de dudas, en la que hemos pretendido agradar a los demás pero no a nosotros mismos? Esta semana te resumo el libro\xa0¡Tú eres un crack!\xa0(You are a badass!, 2013), de Jen Sincero, un libro número 1 de ventas en Amazon, dedicado a resolver tus dudas, tu enfoque... para que dirijas tu energía hacia aquello que realmente deberíamos buscar todos: una vida plena. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "¡Eres un chingón!": https://amzn.to/2LIwT4N \xa0 CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "¡Eres un crack!": https://amzn.to/2YwMHgN \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/118 ________ ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | \xa0¿Cuáles son las claves para conseguir más tráfico hacia tu página web,\xa0 es decir, que más gente quiera conocer tus productos o servicios? Es más, ¿te gustaría saber qué tipos de productos o servicios ofrecer a las personas que se acercan a tu negocio online? Esta semana te resumo la segunda parte del libro\xa0Secretos Punto Com\xa0(Dot Com Secrets, 2015), de Russell Brunson, emprendedor online ultra exitoso, que nos explica los secretos que necesitas saber para crear verdaderos embudos de venta que te hagan vender más, tener mayores beneficios, conseguir que tus clientes estén felices contigo y escalar tu negocio sin límites. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro GRATIS: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "Dot Com Secrets": https://librosparaemprendedores.net/dotcomsecrets \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/117 ________ ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | \xa0¿Te gustaría vender más, conseguir más beneficios en tu negocio? ¿Te gustaría dominar los secretos para conseguir crear negocios florecientes en línea? ¿Conocer los secretos que hacen ganar millones a los que los conocen? Esta semana te resumo la primera parte del libro\xa0Secretos Punto Com\xa0(Dot Com Secrets, 2015), de Russell Brunson, emprendedor online ultra exitoso, que nos explica los secretos que necesitas saber para crear verdaderos embudos de venta que te hagan vender más, tener mayores beneficios, conseguir que tus clientes estén felices contigo y escalar tu negocio sin límites. \xa0  \xa0 Aquí puedes conseguir este libro GRATIS: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "Dot Com Secrets": https://librosparaemprendedores.net/dotcomsecrets \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/116 ________ ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?  \xa0   Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.   \xa0   AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0). | \xa0 ¿Te gustaría saber cómo desarrollar mayor influencia en las personas con las que contactas? ¿Saber cómo crear influencia en la mente de tu interlocutor mediante asociaciones poderosas y enfoque en los temas que a ti te interesan? Esta semana te resumo el libro\xa0Pre-suasión\xa0(Pre-suasion, 2016), del gran Robert Cialdini, autor de uno de los grandes libros de negocios de todos los tiempos, Influencia, y que amplía los contenidos de ese famoso libro para darnos estrategias que funcionan a la hora de implantar semillas de persuasión en las personas con las que contactamos, y así predisponerlas en nuestro favor, en la medida de lo posible, y de forma ética.\xa0 \xa0  \xa0 Recuerda que\xa0lo puedes adquirir ahora mismo en Amazon, aquí: CONSEGUIR EL LIBRO "Pre-suasión": https://amzn.to/2Y3Yrnw \xa0 En esta página encuentras las notas del episodio y todos los enlaces mencionados: https://librosparaemprendedores.net/115 ________ ¡AHORA CON UN 50% DE DESCUENTO! ¿Te gustaría emprender sin abandonar tu trabajo?   \xa0    Descubre más de 40 formas de emprender con poca (o nula) inversión, dedicando 2 horas al día (o menos) y generando múltiples fuentes de ingreso mediante emprendimientos que puedes crear sin tener que abandonar tu trabajo.    \xa0    AHORA con un 50% de DESCUENTO 👇  https://librosparaemprendedores.net/microemprendedores/  \xa0_______________ \xa0 Esta es nuestra página oficial de\xa0Facebook:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/facebook \xa0 Además, recuerda que puedes\xa0suscribirte al podcast\xa0en: - Nuestra página:\xa0http://librosparaemprendedores.net/feed/podcast - iTunes:\xa0https://itunes.apple.com/mx/podcast/libros-para-emprendedores/id1076142249?l=es - Youtube:\xa0http://www.youtube.com/c/LibrosparaemprendedoresNet - Spotify:\xa0https://open.spotify.com/show/0qXuVDCYF8HvkEynJwHULb - iVoox:\xa0http://www.ivoox.com/ajx-suscribirse_jh_266011_1.html - Spreaker:\xa0http://www.spreaker.com/user/8567017/episodes/feed - Stitcher:\xa0http://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=81214 \xa0 y seguirnos en Twitter (\xa0https://twitter.com/EmprendeLibros\xa0) y en Facebook (\xa0https://www.facebook.com/EmprendeLibros/\xa0).', 'chan_desc': 'En cada episodio se resume un libro de utilidad para emprendedores o para aquellos que quieran serlo algún día. Puede ser de negocios, marketing, ventas, inspiración, motivación, educación, gestión de personal, hablar en público, gestión económica, relaciones y networking. Un podcast de Luis Ramos, emprendedor y business evangelist.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/eb/0e/6b/eb0e6b99-e641-4703-4773-b9950ed1e389/mza_3097793765264165646.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-12-18'}}

{'Creating Confidence with Heather Monahan': {'title': 'Creating Confidence with Heather Monahan', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Creating-Confidence-with-Heather-Monahan-id2111685', 'num_comments': 6, 'author': 'PodcastOne', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 75, 'play_count': 564, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.podcastone.com/creating-confidence-with-heather-monahan'], 'ep_total': 23, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '01:04:45', 2], ['2019-09-24', '01:04:44', 0], ['2019-09-17', '01:25:21', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:50:20', 0], ['2019-09-03', '01:08:40', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:59:26', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:58:11', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:58:12', 0], ['2019-08-06', '01:12:32', 0], ['2019-07-30', '01:10:00', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Autumn Calabrese is a reality tv star, super successful businesswoman and celebrity trainer to the likes of Kendall Jenner! She has developed several fitness and nutrition programs, including 80 Day Obsession and 21 Day Fix featured on Beachbody On Demand. As a certified holistic health coach, Autumn has been on a mission to use positivity to help her clients become their happiest and healthiest selves without restrictions or deprivation. She shares with us how to continue to push forward through failure and keep showing up no matter how intimidated we can feel. | Natalie Elizabeth Ellis, founder of BossBabe, comes in to discuss her tips and strategies for growing your audience and making stronger connections via Instagram. Natalie has amassed over 1.6 million followers during the timespan of a year and a half and she\'s here to tell us how to do the same by taking advantage of available data on Instagram.And thank you to our advertisers:NetSuite = Download your free guide at NetSuite.com/Monahan\xa0Review this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link and when you DM me the screenshot, I\'ll buy you my $299 video course as a thank you!My book Confidence Creator is available now ! If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book  at my website and thank you!DM your questions for the show DM your questions for the show Instagram  | Facebook  | Twitter | LinkedIn\xa0 | Flip Flippen is a New York Times Best Selling Author, one of the top leadership thought leaders in America and a man who is committed to opening hearts in kids worldwide including mine. Flip’s work with gangs, children and people just like you and me is life changing. He examines the power of our own story-telling to ourselves and how important it is to be able to rewrite your tragedies into success.And that you to our advertisers:NetSuite = Download your free guide at NetSuite.com/Monahan\xa0Pluto TV = Cut the cable cord and download PlutoTV on your streaming devices\xa0Review this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link and when you DM me the screenshot, I\'ll buy you my $299 video course as a thank you!My book Confidence Creator is available now ! If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book  at my website and thank you!DM your questions for the show DM your questions for the show Instagram  | Facebook  | Twitter | LinkedIn\xa0 | The marketer master turned author of "The Soulful Art of Persuasion" comes on the show to discuss how he rose to represent so many major brands, how empathy makes a better boss, and the importance of persuasion in your personal interactions.Jason\'s  Twitter  |   I nstagram  |  Book    |  Amazon\xa0And that you to our adverterisers:Pluto TV = Cut the cable cord and download PlutoTV on your streaming devices\xa0RayCon = Go to BuyRaycon.com/CONFIDENCE  to get 20-percent off your order\xa0ThirdLove = Go to ThirdLove.com/CONFIDENCE for 15% off\xa0Review this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link  and when you DM me the screenshot, I\'ll buy you my $299 video course as a thank you!My book Confidence Creator is available now! If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book at my website and thank you!DM your questions for the show DM your questions for the show Instagram | Facebook | Twitter | LinkedIn | Heather shares her experience fleeing the hurricane (on top of everything else!) before she sits down with the offensive assistant coach for the San Francisco 49ers to talk about growing up with football before making her way to the NFL, learning how to handle your online haters and reflecting on the significance of being the first openly LGBT coach in the league\'s history.And thank you to today\'s sponsors:\xa0Lola = For 40% off all subscriptions, visit MyLola.com  and enter CONFIDENCE40 when you subscribeNetSuite = Download your free guide at NetSuite.com/Monahan\xa0Pluto TV = Cut the cable cord and download PlutoTV on your streaming devicesReview this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link and when you DM me the screenshot, I\'ll buy you my $299 video course as a thank you!\xa0My book Confidence Creator is available now! If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book  at my website and thank you! DM your questions for the show\xa0DM your questions for the show Instagram | Facebook | Twitter | LinkedIn\xa0 | Celeste shares what she has learned as a journalist and author and expert in conversation and shares that simply putting your phone on the table when speaking to someone creates some serious implications. She also shares how to navigate difficult political conversations and how to network and create a fun environment when you might not know the other people. There are countless tips and techniques in this episode that will help you connect with others and let go of technology to opt in to conversation.And thank you to today\'s sponsors:NetSuite = Download your free guide at NetSuite.com/MonahanPluto TV = Cut the cable cord and download PlutoTV on your streaming devicesReview this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link  and when you DM me the screenshot, I buy you my $299 video course as a thank you! My book Confidence Creator is available now ! If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book  at my website and thank you! DM your questions for the show DM your questions for the show Instagram | Facebook | Twitter | LinkedIn | Jen Friel is the Chief Revenue Officer of DropIn and has had mega producer Jerry Bruckheimer purchase her life story rights...twice! founded her first computer “company” at age 8, teaching adults how to use WordPerfect, Juno and Prodigy. Today, she is known for her website Talk Nerdy To Me, Lover and held various positions in movie marketing and indirect cellular activation sales. Jen opens up about how she discovered her ability as producer and being an internet OG before internet personalities were a thing!And thank you to today\'s sponsors: Great Courses Plus = Go to TheGreatCoursesPlus.com/CONFIDENCE  to access their entire catalog for FREE for the entire month LinkedIn =Go to LinkedIn.com/Confidence to goet $50 off your first job post\xa0Pluto TV = Cut the cable cord and download PlutoTV on your streaming devicesReview this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link  and when you DM me the screenshot, I buy you my $299 video course as a thank you! My book Confidence Creator is available now ! If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book | A self-made serial entrepreneur and vocal advocate for women, Cindy defies convention. In her industry, in her companies, in her outcomes. Her work today in The Pink Ceiling/Pinkubator continues to break barriers by investing in and mentoring other women to get to her same outcomes. She’s on a mission to make women really rich. You cannot miss Cindy. Everything she touches turns to pink.Over a distinguished 24-year career in healthcare, in only the last 10 she has started and sold two businesses for more than $1.5B. First Slate Pharmaceuticals, which redefined long acting testosterone treatment for men then Sprout Pharmaceuticals which broke through with the first ever FDA-approved drug for low sexual desire in women — dubbed “female Viagra” by the media. After selling the company for $1B in 2015, she successfully fought to get the drug back and launch it on her own terms.Cindy\'s Instagram Cindy\'s Website\xa0And thank you to today\'s sponsors:\xa0Great Courses Plus = Go to TheGreatCoursesPlus.com/CONFIDENCE  to access their entire catalog for FREE for the entire month\xa0Third Love = Go to ThirdLove.com/CONFIDENCE  now to find your perfect-fitting bra and get 15% off your first purchase!\xa0Pluto TV = Cut the cable cord and download PlutoTV on your streaming devicesReview this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link  and when you DM me the screenshot, I buy you my $299 video course as a thank you!\xa0My book Confidence Creator is available now ! If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book  at my website and thank you! DM your questions for the show\xa0Instagram | Facebook | Twitter | LinkedIn | My guest this week is Jesse Itzler--an entrepreneur, author, and former rapper as well as the co-founder of Marquis Jet, one of the largest private jet card companies in the world, a partner in Zico Coconut Water, the founder of The 100 Mile Group and an owner of the NBA\'s Atlanta Hawks.\xa0 He and his wife Sara Blakely have four children.\xa0 And yes it is surprising that even Jesse Itzler has wi-fi issues.\xa0Meeting Jesse was a funny experience. \xa0He was walking a little slow and explained he had just run 40 miles the day before and was feeling a little sore.\xa0 40 Miles!?!?!\xa0 What??\xa0 I feel proud of myself after I do a spin class.\xa0 Clearly, I was going to need to up my game.\xa0 The one word that comes to mind when I think about Jesse is EXTREME. \xa0He goes after it and by it I mean whatever it is he decides he wants. \xa0That is how he became a rapper and how he built so many successful companies.When he decided he was in a funk and his routine wasn’t working for him, he invited a navy seal to move in with him and his family for 30 days and then he wrote a best-selling book about the surreal experience.\xa0 Jesse Itzler is a one of a kind.\xa0 He is also incredibly kind and taught me a lot during this episode.Not only do you get to learn from one of the most successful men I have ever met but I also make a big announcement on the podcast today and I am so excited to share it with you!\xa0 I promise you this one is big and it may even have something to do with my guest!! HINT!And thank you to today\'s sponsors:Great Courses Plus = Go to  TheGreatCoursesPlus.com/CONFIDENCE  to access their entire catalog for FREE for the entire month\xa0RayCon = Go to BuyRaycon.com/CONFIDENCE  to get 20-percent off your order\xa0Review this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link and when  you DM me the screenshot, I buy you my $299 video course as a thank you!\xa0My book Confidence Creator is available now!If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book at my website  and thank you!DM your questions for the show Instagram | Facebook | Twitter  | LinkedIn\xa0 | JT McCormick is the President and CEO of Scribe Media, a publishing company that helps you write, publish and market your book. The company has worked with more than 1,000 authors and Entrepreneur Magazine recently ranked Scribe’s as having the Top Company Culture in America.He was previously the President of Headspring Software, which he helped grow to a multimillion-dollar, 100-plus person company that was repeatedly ranked as one of the best places to work in all of Texas and the author of "I Got There: How I Overcame Racism, Poverty, and Abuse to Achieve the American Dream" where he talks of poverty, starting with his career cleaning toilets and eventually becoming the President of multiple companies.\xa0\xa0JT has mentored at-risk youth in the juvenile justice system, as well as youth in low economic communities. JT’s work has been featured on CNBC, Entrepreneur, Forbes, Inc, and many others. He lives in Austin, Texas, with his wife, Megan, and their four children, Ava, age 5, Jaxon, age 4, Elle age 2, and Jace, 5 months.And thank you to today\'s sponsors:Pluto TV = Cut the cord and download Pluto.TV on whatever device you stream onReview this podcast on Apple Podcast using this link and when  you DM me the screenshot, I buy you my $299 video course as a thank you!\xa0My book Confidence Creator is available now!If you are looking for more tips you can download my free E-book at my website  and thank you!DM your questions for the show Instagram | Facebook | Twitter  | LinkedIn \xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Looking to take your life to the next level? Each week Heather sits down to share with you the techniques and strategies to create your confidence, pursue your dreams and leapfrog the villains you’ll meet along the way. After successfully shattering the glass ceiling in corporate America, Heather is now a best-selling author, professional speaker and entrepreneur. She is currently pulling back the curtain to expose what it takes to get ahead in business and life so you can claim the greatness that you deserve. Find out why USA Today, CNN, and Steve Harvey have all featured her and most recently seen as a guest lecturer at Harvard.  ', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/79/75/1a/79751a1d-e92a-dcb6-fc23-4dc0c53c6e2f/mza_699880623187027438.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-05-01'}}

{"Gronk'd UP": {'title': "Gronk'd UP", 'chan_url': "https://castbox.fm/channel/Gronk'd-UP-id2381435", 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Chris Gronkowski', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3, 'play_count': 10, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://gronkdup.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 3, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:31:26', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:40:25', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:01:45', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': ' |  | Join Chris for this trailer episode to find out what the show is all about.', 'chan_desc': "Join Chris Gronkowski, - NFL player for the Cowboys, Colts, and Broncos  and entrepreneur owner of the Ice Shaker protein drink  bottle (a Shark Tank winner). Chris and his guests talk about life, entrepreneurial skill and lessons, and what it takes to make it. Let's get Gronk'd UP!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/7a/be/b3/7abeb38d-e354-b615-d975-c778776a395d/mza_2699564608148773495.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-20'}}

{'The Decode': {'title': 'The Decode', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Decode-id2381962', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jase Bennett', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1, 'play_count': 0, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.thedecode.tv'], 'ep_total': 2, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-19', '00:41:36', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:21:53', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Michael O\'Neal has spent a decade perfecting his entrepreneurial craft, and he has been doing it all alone! Does this mean nobody assisted, or inspired him... no! It means he has created the his entrepreneurial world solo! Not as in Han Solo, but as a solopreneur that has been able to create his businesses without the need of massive scaling, without the need of brick and mortar facilities, without the need of multi tiered staffing. He has been able to take all of the modern conveniences and utilize them to their full extent. By doing such he has kept overhead way down and been able to secure his own job security by being unemployable! As Michael would say "profitably unemployable!"Tune in to find the different areas Michael focussed on to create his 10million+ downloads on his Solopreneur Hour Podcast and dive over to his instagram to check his amazing Porche builds!www.instagram.com/solohourwww.solopreneurhour.comCheck Jase on his socials as wellInstagram @Jasebennett | Jase starts this episode off rewinding things back into his entrepreneurial journey that started in elementary school in downtown Los Angelos. His entrepreneurial ventures didn\'t stop there. He was sewing and selling snowboarding pants for the new emerging sport in the early nineties, and then started installing car audio systems in the school parking lot for his work release during his senior year in high school! All of these were just the beginning!Once Jase read "Leading An Inspired Life" by Jim Rohn he changed everything.\xa0 Tune in and come along for the journey stat still hasn\'t ended 30 years into the process!Find Jase Bennett online at instagram: @JaseBennettYouTube: @Jasewww.jasebennett.com', 'chan_desc': 'The Decode is a deeper dive into major success stories and patterns. Jase Bennett, the host, takes his guests though a journey back to the moments that they think, and some they might not have even realized, were the defining moments in their journey! Jase then reconstructs their journey in such a way that you will then be able to apply their catalysts to your journey!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/24/6d/80/246d8055-5169-b9c0-c753-098c548d4172/mza_3672973591318857852.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-19'}}

{'The Empowered Mama with Lisa Druxman': {'title': 'The Empowered Mama with Lisa Druxman', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Empowered-Mama-with-Lisa-Druxman-id1169052', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Lisa Druxman | Parents On Demand Network', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 370, 'play_count': 3865, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://fit4mom.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 213, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:32:12', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:22:56', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:31:51', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:34:19', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:18:00', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:48:04', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:41:20', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:42:45', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:31:04', 0], ['2019-07-21', '00:24:49', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "As any new parent knows, there is an abundance of often-conflicting advice hurled at you from doctors, family, friends, and strangers on the internet. From the earliest days, parents get the message that they must make certain choices around feeding, sleep, and schedule or all will be lost. There's a rule—or three—for everything. But the benefits of these choices can be overstated, and the trade-offs can be profound. How do you make your own best decision? Emily Oster is my guest today. Her goal is to make you less confused, more confident and less judgmental of parents who make different choices. This is The Empowered Mama Podcast. This episode is brought to you by fit4mom. Fit4mom is the company I started 17 years ago because I needed a village, a place to belong. The fitness was the icing on the cake. We are now fitness for every stage of motherhood and it’s the place where you will find the strength in motherhood. If you have not yet tried a class, what are you waiting for? Go to www.fit4mom.com to find a class near you. And if there is not a class near you, then lets you and I chat about starting a franchise. Send me a personal email to lisa@fit4mom.com and I’ll tell you how to get started! Thank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com. The Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs.Links for LisaFree Trial at Audible hereMamaWell: www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.com Thank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com.I know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | Is there something you have always wanted to ask me? Well now is your chance. Today, I answer your questions. And it’s quite a spectrum. We are talking about everything from curly hair products to scaling your business. This is the Empowered Mama Podcast. Links From Today’s ShowLisa’s favorite products for curly HairMiss Jessie’s Multi Cultural CurlsPantene GoldLisa’s Favorite Project Management AppsTrello.comEvernoteQuote Of The Day“Share your knowledge. It is a way to achieve immortality” The Dalai LamaThe Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs. Links for LisaMamaWell: https://www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comThank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com.I know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | Do you find yourself bickering daily with your spouse? Nagging incessantly? Disappointed by a lack of connection? I get it. Recently, I was feeling the same way so I decided to do something about it. Listen in on my best tips to improve communication with your spouse. This is The Empowered Mama Podcast. Links for today’s episode:How Well Do You Know Your Partner QuizGottman Relationship GuidesAmazon Links For Gottman BooksThis episode is brought to you by FIT4MOM. This is the company I started 18 years ago because I needed a village, a place to belong. The fitness was the icing on the cake. We are now fitness for every stage of motherhood and it’s the place where you will find the strength in motherhood. If you have not yet tried a class, what are you waiting for? Go to www.fit4mom.com to find a class near you. And if there is not a class near you, then lets you and I chat about starting a franchise. Send me a personal email to lisa@fit4mom.com and I’ll tell you how to get started! Thank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com. The Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs.Links for LisaFree Trial at Audible hereMamaWell: www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comLisa’s Favorite Things Amazon Store: www.amazon.com/shop/lisadruxmanI know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | Why do men do so little at home? Why do women do so much? Why don't our egalitarian values match our lived experiences?Journalist-turned-psychologist Darcy Lockman offers a clear-eyed look at the most harmful problem facing modern parents—how progressive relationships become traditional ones when children are introduced into the household.This is The Empowered Mama Podcast.Darcy LockmanFavorite Quote: The arc of the moral universe is long and it bends toward justiceIf Darcy Lockman was to get a tattoo with one word that she valued, what would it be?\xa0 LoveLinks http://www.darcylockman.com/Get Darcy Lockman’s New Book, All The RageThe Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs. Links for LisaMamaWell: https://www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comThank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com.I know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | This week, my baby turns 18. And when I say baby, I mean my business, FIT4MOM. That’s like a grown-up. It’s been quite a ride. There has not been one day that I haven’t been learning lessons. So in my never-ending quest to lessen your learning curve, I’m going to share the top lessons I’ve learned in 18 years in business. This is The Empowered Mama Podcast.This episode is brought to you by FIT4MOM. This is the company I started 18 years ago because I needed a village, a place to belong. The fitness was icing on the cake. We are now fitness for every stage of motherhood and it’s the place where you will find the strength in motherhood. If you have not yet tried a class, what are you waiting for? Go to www.fit4mom.com to find a class near you. And if there is not a class near you, then lets you and I chat about starting a franchise. Send me a personal email to lisa@fit4mom.com and I’ll tell you how to get started! The Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs.Links for LisaFree Trial at Audible hereMamaWell: www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comLisa’s Amazon Shop: https://www.amazon.com/shop/lisadruxmanThank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com.I know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | Today’s guest followed her passion and created a business where she could make a difference and integrate with motherhood. We talk about building a business, getting pr and surviving summer as a working mom. This is the Empowered Mama podcast. This is the Empowered Mama Podcast. Heather’s Favorite Quote: “We must be willing to let go of the life we planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” – Joseph CampbellLinks From Today’s Showhttps://choicepublicity.com/https://www.instagram.com/choicepublicity/https://www.instagram.com/heatherdixonadams/https://choicepublicity.com/8-questions-to-ask-yourself-when-considering-a-publicist/?utm_campaign=later-linkinbio-choicepublicity&utm_content=later-2124479&utm_medium=social&utm_source=instagramhttps://vimeo.com/315904018https://vimeo.com/325443591The Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs. Links for LisaMamaWell: https://www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comThank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com.I know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | We live in a world where our food is making us sick, tired, and overweight.Big Food brands design their packaged products to be addictive... so we consume unhealthy ingredients over and over again. In today’s episode, meet Food Babe, food activist and New York Times best-selling author Vani Hari. This is The Empowered Mama Podcast.Vani Hari’s Favorite Quote: “There is the mud, and there is the lotus that grows out of the mud. We need the mud in order to make the lotus.” – Thich Nhat HanhIf Vani Hari was to get a tattoo with one word that she valued, what would it be?Fearless\xa0 Links From Today’s EpisodeFoodbabe.comhttps://www.truvani.com/Vani’s New Book - Feeding You LiesHape Salad ToyThe Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs. Links for LisaMamaWell: https://www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comThank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com.I know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | Are you ready to ditch overwhelm and grow your life and business without stress? After overcoming cancer at 25, my guest today made it her mission to show busy women how to ditch the overwhelm, grow their business without the stress, and find inner peace in all areas of their life. Are you ready?Sitting in the doctor’s office when she found out she had cancer was her wake-up call. It’s when she decided something had to change. The way she was living - stressed, overwhelmed, overworked, and exhausted - was (literally) killing her. So if you’ve ever felt:Frustrated, stuck, and like you’re spinning your wheelsUnsure of what to focus on because everything feels urgentBusy all the time, yet not reaching your goalsOverwhelmed and anxious about how you’re going to get it all doneThen you will love this episode. Because she’s been there. And she has figured out how to have success without the stress.Links For Today’s Show:https://www.courtneyelmer.com/http://www.facebook.com/courtneyelmerpagehttps://www.instagram.com/CourtneyElmer_/This episode is brought to you by fit4mom. Fit4mom is the company I started 18 years ago because I needed a village, a place to belong to. The fitness was the icing on the cake. We are now fitness for every stage of motherhood and it’s the place where you will find the strength in motherhood. If you have not yet tried a class, what are you waiting for? Go to www.fit4mom.com to find a class near you. And if there is not a class near you, then lets you and I chat about starting a franchise. Send me a personal email to lisa@fit4mom.com and I’ll tell you how to get started! Thank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com.The Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs.Links for LisaFree Trial at Audible hereMamaWell: www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comI know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | Are you a working mom who desires to stay home with your kids? Have you stayed home but are wondering how to get back in the workforce? Are you looking to work in something more flexible? You are not alone. The struggle is real. We are talking about new ways for working mamas. Louise is\xa0 the Founder of beyondtheschoolrun, the platform to empower mothers and the Author of ‘A New Way for Mothers.’\xa0 She is deeply passionate about the collective potential of the parent talent to create positive change.Beyondtheschoolrun.com is inspiring, connecting and engaging all parents with their skills and talents in the hours available to them and a place for business to connect and grow with the community.http://www.beyondtheschoolrun.com/ @beyondtsr / instagram: beyondtheschoolrunGet Louise’s New Book: A New Way For MothersLouise Webster’s Favorite Quote: Steve Jobs - ‘your time is limited so don’t waste it loving someone else’s life.\xa0 Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what it truly want to become’Looking for Flex Time Work? https://www.hiremymom.com/https://www.corpsteam.com/https://www.thesecondshift.com/The Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs. Links for LisaMamaWell: https://www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comThank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com.I know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit | This episode could change your life.\xa0 If you are craving calm, wanting to let go of stress, desiring to be more mindful in your day, listen in. I share a new approach, that’s actually quite old, on how to do life and motherhood. This year, I\xa0 have started to delve into a deeper understanding and practice. You might not realize but there are many different types of meditation. You can meditate with mantras, or envisioning a journey or anchoring around a sound. Right now, I have been studying zen meditation.Zen meditation is simply seated. upright in good posture, paying careful attention to breathing in your belly until you are fully alert and present. There are no steps, no-frills. In fact, meditating with a goal such as quieting your mind is very un zen. It’s a state of mind of just being present in the moment.But today's podcast isn’t about zen meditation. It’s the zen part that I want to share with you. The more I read, the more I am feeling like there are ancient foundations behind what has been in my heart to share. A path to the direction that I’ve been pointing towards. Learning about zen is giving me words to something that has been growing inside of me. Today, I want to share with you a mindset that is truly changing my life. It’s like a lightbulb going off. And I want to share that light with youThis episode is brought to you by FIT4MOM. FIT4MOM is the company I started 17 years ago because I needed a village, a place to belong. The fitness was the icing on the cake. We are now fitness for every stage of motherhood and it’s the place where you will find the strength in motherhood. If you have not yet tried a class, what are you waiting for? Go to www.fit4mom.com to find a class near you. And if there is not a class near you, then lets you and I chat about starting a franchise. Send me a personal email to lisa@fit4mom.com and I’ll tell you how to get started! Thank you for listening today, and every day that you join me. As always, if there is someone you want me to interview or a topic you want me to talk about, just send me an email to podcast@fit4mom.com. The Empowered Mama is part of the Parents On Demand Network. The Parents On Demand Network is a collection of podcasts with content specifically created for families. Through the POD website and network app, parents can easily find and subscribe to programming that’s specific to their family’s interests and needs.Links for LisaFree Trial at Audible hereMamaWell: www.mamawell.coFIT4MOM website: https://www.fit4mom.comThe Empowered Mama Book: https://www.lisadruxman.com/book/Lisa Druxman's Website: https://www.lisadruxman.comLisa’s Favorite Products https://www.amazon.com/shop/lisadruxman\xa0I know how busy you are, but if you could just take a moment to review the show on iTunes or Stitcher, it would mean the world to me. Think of it like leaving a little tip for your barista. If you liked this episode share it. Super easy to do! Use #EmpoweredMama so that I can thank you!https://www.lisadruxman.com/reviewit", 'chan_desc': 'Join Lisa Druxman, author of The Empowered Mama, each week to reclaim your time, your health and yourself. We talk about wellness, work, productivity, leadership, and happiness. It’s time to connect with your passion and your purpose and to design a life you love to live. \n\nThis is a weekly podcast. Use a podcast app on your smartphone so you can subscribe and listen easily!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/c4/86/4e/c4864e26-b668-b8bd-1da4-fec78277f874/mza_3566004410394835619.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-10-24'}}

{'Sell or Die with Jeffrey Gitomer and Jennifer Gluckow': {'title': 'Sell or Die with Jeffrey Gitomer and Jennifer Gluckow', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Sell-or-Die-with-Jeffrey-Gitomer-and-Jennifer-Gluckow-id385191', 'num_comments': 4, 'author': 'Sell or Die', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 893, 'play_count': 40004, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.sellordiepodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 445, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:48:08', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:34:14', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:23:13', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:31:54', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:44:55', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:31:38', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:29:36', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:28:33', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:35:09', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:34:03', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this episode we\'re crushing on Jen\'s personal coach, Celinne Da Costa, who left her corporate job in order to live life on her own terms. From a massive couch surfing social experiment and circumnavigating the globe, to discovering YOUR why and using your personal story to sell, this episode\'s got it all! Celinne is a writer, speaker, and brand story coach teaching entrepreneurs to become confident leaders with powerful stories, influential brands, international media coverage, and thousands of raving followers.\xa0 -- KEEP ON CRUSHING IT: \xa0 Master Your Story with Celinne\'s Live Group Training Program:\xa0https://programs.celinnedacosta.com/master-your-story/ Connect with Celinne on Instagram:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/CelinneDaCosta/ -- Connect with Jen on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute Join the waitlist for Jen\'s Membership:\xa0https://jennifergluckow.mykajabi.com/CF2CEO-Wait-List | Join us as we welcome "the tech seller," DJ Sebastian, who\'s professional sales career spans more than twenty years as a top-performing sales executive for the likes of IBM, SAS, and QAD. DJ speaks on Artificial intelligence (AI) in the workforce, and the dramatic impact AI will have on the near future. How can we use AI to make us better in our field? Will AI come for our sales jobs? -- If you’re sick of hearing “NO” at the end of sales calls, tired of worrying about your competitors, and ready to become known as your sales team’s QUOTA CRUSHER… THEN THIS 3-PART LIVE VIRTUAL SEMINAR SERIES IS THE GAME-CHANGING EVENT YOU’VE BEEN DREAMING ABOUT. CAN\'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS EPISODE? Join the Sell or Die Hards Official Facebook Group:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/sellordiepodcast/ Jeffrey’s LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreygitomer Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute Pick up DJ\'s Book:\xa0https://amzn.to/2nbGLsX DJ\'s Website:\xa0https://thetechseller.com/ | The first of our series where we break down the 29.5 Biggest Mistakes Salespeople Make (and how to cure them). What\'s the first mistake? KNOWING EVERYTHING. -- Catch up on Jeffrey\'s 3-PART LIVE VIRTUAL SEMINAR SERIES http://www.seegitomer.com Listen to Tyler J. McCall\'s Interview https://www.sellordiepodcast.com/pitching-your-story-with-tyler-j-mccall/ -- GET MORE SELL OR DIE HERE: Join the Sell or Die Hards Official Facebook Group:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/sellordiepodcast/ Jeffrey’s LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreygitomer Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute | In this episode we\'re crushing on Emily Greene,\xa0business owner and passionate dog trainer at Free Will Animal Training in Charlotte. She has been professionally training for 7 years and specializes in helping dogs overcome fear, anxiety and aggression.\xa0 Together, Emily and Jen connect the dots between training dogs and people, discuss the benefits of positive reinforcement, and figure out how to turn a passion into a full-time job. -- If you’re sick of hearing “NO” at the end of sales calls, tired of worrying about your competitors, and ready to become known as your sales team’s QUOTA CRUSHER… THEN THIS 3-PART LIVE VIRTUAL SEMINAR SERIES IS THE GAME-CHANGING EVENT YOU’VE BEEN DREAMING ABOUT. CONTINUE THE CONVERSATION ONLINE Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute Cash Flow to CEO:\xa0https://jennifergluckow.mykajabi.com/CF2CEO-Wait-List Free Will Animal Training:\xa0wwww.freewillanimaltraining.com/ Free Will\'s Instagram:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/freewillanimaltraining/ | Once Upon a Time, there was the best sales podcast, with the best storytelling guest... Wait a second, that\'s us and Kindra Hall! Join us as for Sell or Die story time with Jeffrey\'s thingamajig, and craft your own stories using techniques from Kindra\'s new book, "Stories That Stick" releasing today! -- If you’re sick of hearing “NO” at the end of sales calls, tired of worrying about your competitors, and ready to become known as your sales team’s QUOTA CRUSHER… THEN THIS 3-PART LIVE VIRTUAL SEMINAR SERIES IS THE GAME-CHANGING EVENT YOU’VE BEEN DREAMING ABOUT. CAN\'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS EPISODE? Join the Sell or Die Hards Official Facebook Group:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/sellordiepodcast/ Jeffrey’s LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreygitomer Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute Pick up Kindra\'s Book:\xa0https://amzn.to/2kz5Hcu Kindra\'s Website:\xa0https://kindrahall.com/ | In this episode we\'re switching it up and crushing on our very own Jennifer Gluckow! You know her as founder of Sales in a NY Minute, cohost of the world famous Sell or Die! Podcast, host of Woman Crush Wednesday, and owner of the two best Cavalier King Charles Spaniels around. FIND JEN ONLINE: Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute Cash Flow to CEO:\xa0https://jennifergluckow.mykajabi.com/CF2CEO-Wait-List \xa0 | Motivation Monday, on a Tuesday? You\'d better believe it! Today on Motivation Monday (Tuesday!?), we\'re using our sixth sense to get in touch with our gut feelings, and we\'re making more sales because of it! Dogs have it, Bruce Willis has it, and you do too, you just might not know it yet. Get in touch with your inner senses on today\'s episode! -- If you’re sick of hearing “NO” at the end of sales calls, tired of worrying about your competitors, and ready to become known as your sales team’s QUOTA CRUSHER… THEN THIS 3-PART LIVE VIRTUAL SEMINAR SERIES IS THE GAME-CHANGING EVENT YOU’VE BEEN DREAMING ABOUT. CAN\'T GET ENOUGH OF SELL OR DIE? Join the Sell or Die Hards Official Facebook Group:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/sellordiepodcast/ Jeffrey’s LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreygitomer Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute \xa0 \xa0 | Are you ready to meet The First Lady of Sales? Join us in welcoming Dr. Cindy McGovern, author of the new book,\xa0Every Job is a Sales Job: How to Use the Art of Selling to Win at Work\xa0(releasing today 9/17/19) and see if she lives up to the title! In this episode, you\'ll discover the origin of her unique nickname, realize EVERYONE is selling 24/7, and put the title of her new book to the test with a very special game. If you’re sick of hearing “NO” at the end of sales calls, tired of worrying about your competitors, and ready to become known as your sales team’s QUOTA CRUSHER… THEN THIS 3-PART LIVE VIRTUAL SEMINAR SERIES IS THE GAME-CHANGING EVENT YOU’VE BEEN DREAMING ABOUT. CAN\'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS EPISODE? Join the Sell or Die Hards Official Facebook Group:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/sellordiepodcast/ Jeffrey’s LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreygitomer Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute Pick up Dr. Cindy\'s Book:\xa0https://amzn.to/32Q5rWX Dr. Cindy McGovern\'s Website:\xa0https://drcindy.com/ | In this episode we\'re crushing on McKenzie Cunningham, founder and CEO of SurSHE, a female empowerment company that offers subscription boxes of local goods, as well as a marketing platform for female entrepreneurs. McKenzie brings the woo, talks about following your gut (and what that really means, and surprises Jen with a Goddess box of excellent goodies. CONTINUE THE CONVERSATION ONLINE Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute Cash Flow to CEO:\xa0https://jennifergluckow.mykajabi.com/CF2CEO-Wait-List SurSHE:\xa0https://www.surshe.com/ SurSHE Instagram:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/shopsurshe/ | Former NFL Receiver (and Joe Montana teammate) JJ Birden joins the show for a one-on-one session with Jeffrey. They talk about the relationship between sports and sales, JJ\'s success as a businessman (and keynote speaker), as well as life after football. If you’re sick of hearing “NO” at the end of sales calls, tired of worrying about your competitors, and ready to become known as your sales team’s QUOTA CRUSHER… THEN THIS 3-PART LIVE VIRTUAL SEMINAR SERIES IS THE GAME-CHANGING EVENT YOU’VE BEEN DREAMING ABOUT. DISCOVER MY SEVEN-FIGURE SALES FORMULA SOON! \xa0 CONTINUE THE CONVERSATION ONLINE Join the Sell or Die Hards Official Facebook Group:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/sellordiepodcast/ Jeffrey’s LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreygitomer Jen’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jeninanyminute \xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Best-selling author Jeffrey Gitomer and sales expert Jennifer Gluckow discuss the art and science of selling with the top leaders in sales, business, marketing and personal development.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/47/73/68/47736896-4054-6756-2f3c-6dc3f1ed501a/mza_2824267582494954007.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-07-29'}}

{'The Barcode Podcast': {'title': 'The Barcode Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Barcode-Podcast-id2391769', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Barcode Media', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 0, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://barcodestartup.com/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 3, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:48:40', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:28:29', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:02:37', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Welcome to The Barcode Podcast, where our sole purpose is to educate and equip emerging consumer brands so they have the knowledge and tools they need to thrive in the marketplace. Today, we’re revisiting one of our Barcode events from a few months back. Our guest in this episode is Tucker Max. Tucker is an author and the co-founder of Scribe Media - a company that helps people write and publish their books. Prior to founding Scribe, Tucker had a couple of memoirs on the New York Times bestseller list and knows a thing or two about our topic today - getting the word out about your brand. So often, I advise early-stage consumer product companies who believe that if they can just get the right publicity, the right article in the newspaper, or become one of Oprah’s favorite things - all of their issues with their business will be solved. But as Tucker shared with our live audience, and as you’re about to hear, it’s just not the case. People care about how your product will solve their problems.\xa0\xa0 And a quick note, this is a recording of a live event...and the guest is Tucker Max...so there is some colorful adult language throughout the conversation. Just giving you a heads up in case you need to grab some headphones before you listen. Complete transcript available at\xa0https://barcodestartup.com/002-tucker-max-getting-the-right-attention-for-your-brand/ | There are lots of reasons why people go out on a limb and create a startup. Conversely, there are relatively few possible outcomes of a startup. You’re either going to fold, hold, or get sold. In most cases that I see, founders imagine eventually selling their company to a strategic acquirer or a private equity firm. A fundamental principle here at Barcode–and one that I think translates well to other areas of our lives–is “begin with the end in mind.” A few months back, we did a live Barcode workshop addressing this important issue: how do you architect a successful exit years before the exit MIGHT happen? For a complete transcript, visit\xa0https://barcodestartup.com/001-architecting-a-successful-exit/ | Welcome to The Barcode Podcast! Our sole purpose is to educate and equip emerging consumer brands so they have the knowledge and tools they need to thrive in the marketplace. We’re here to give early stage and growth stage consumer brands the unfair advantage that the right information can provide. Especially when you’re out there hustling to get your product into the hands of the right consumer.\xa0 For more than three years, our free monthly startup workshops in Austin have allowed us to build a tight-knit community of consumer packaged goods founders and entrepreneurs with best-in-class insights, access, and guidance. But we’ve been wanting to give more founders this information and expand our Austin CPG community. With this podcast, we’re doing just that - taking our educational programming and sense of community to the podcast airwaves. You don’t have to be in Austin at our monthly meetings to get the critical information you need to help grow your business and brand. If you want to be more engaged with our community, go to barcodestartup.com for more info.', 'chan_desc': 'Our sole purpose is to educate and equip emerging consumer brands so they have the knowledge and tools they need to thrive in the marketplace. We’re here to give early stage and growth stage consumer brands the unfair advantage that the right information can provide. Especially when you’re out there hustling to get your product into the hands of the right consumer.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/04/09/74/040974ad-e580-398d-cab1-19cd5b980cd2/mza_4586389603666068245.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-23'}}

{'Business & Biceps': {'title': 'Business & Biceps', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Business-%26-Biceps-id1135273', 'num_comments': 21, 'author': 'Cory Gregory & John Fosco', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 34398, 'play_count': 1347843, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/bizandbiceps', 'https://www.facebook.com/activ8media.1', 'http://businessandbiceps.com'], 'ep_total': 236, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:45:53', 1], ['2019-09-29', '00:35:36', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:57:45', 1], ['2019-09-22', '00:51:59', 1], ['2019-09-18', '00:44:37', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:39:58', 1], ['2019-09-11', '00:35:09', 0], ['2019-09-08', '00:53:59', 1], ['2019-09-04', '00:43:17', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:49:01', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'On Today’s show… Cory and John discuss the most basic and underrated key to change your life that you’ve most likely never done before. The challenge of stillness will bring something out of you that you probably haven’t experienced and could potentially scare you. \xa0 Make sure to use code ‘BICEPS’ to get 15% off your Whoop purchase!!! \xa0 Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! | On today’s show… Cory and John expand on the analogy of “David and Goliath”. In business, you’re always being outmatched. Throughout this episode, they teach you how to take on the mindset of David and be able to chip away at Goliath each day will put you on the path to success. \xa0 Make sure to use code ‘BICEPS’ to get 15% off your Whoop purchase!!! \xa0 Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! | On today’s show… Cory and John sort through the battle of addiction that many people face in today’s society. There are many terms of addiction that can be positive or negative. When it comes to addictive behavior, always question the good or the bad. \xa0 Make sure to use code ‘BICEPS’ to get 15% off your Whoop purchase!!! \xa0 Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! | On today’s show… Cory and John discuss some key principles of what boundaries need to be set in the workplace. One of these include not starting sexual relations with co-workers… Lacing up for work every day and outperforming yourself on a daily basis, is something that needs to be done if you want to perform at an elite level. \xa0 Make sure to use code ‘BICEPS’ to get 15% off your Whoop purchase!!! \xa0 Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! | On today’s show… Cory and John take on the importance of winning little moments EVERY single day. Little victories play a crucial in getting to the “destination” people aspire to get too in life. These small victories that don’t feel like much at the moment, but will make you become better on a daily basis. \xa0 Make sure to go to Zapier.com/BICEPS and use code “BICEPS” for a free 14-day trial!!! \xa0 Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! | On today’s show… Cory and John are joined by Whoop’s Founder & CEO, Will Ahmed! He takes us through a deep look into his journey and process that he went through while creating Whoop. Will’s focus on researching the human body has allowed him to create a product to innovate the health industry. \xa0 Make sure to use code ‘BICEPS’ to get 15% off Whoop!!! \xa0 Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! | On today\'s show... Cory and John decipher the difference between Confidence and Ego. Many people struggle to identify the difference between these two character traits. During this episode, they give real life examples that showcase these traits and how to go about them in the business world. \xa0 Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! | On today\'s show... the podcast truly cannot be stopped as we record while on evacuation from Hurricane Dorian. The guys talk about dealing with the unexpected and how to handle problems that are truly out of your control. Then they dive into an intense conversation about how to handle favors and how to ask those above you for help.\xa0 Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! This episode is brought to you by Policy Genius. Policy Genius is your one stop shop for all things insurance. Go to policygenius.com today! This episode is also brought to you by BlueChew. BlueChew is the best solution for improving performance in the bedroom...\xa0BlueChew brings you the first chewable with the same FDA-approved active ingredients as Viagra and Cialis so you know they work. Today when you go to BlueChew.com and use promo code "Biceps" to get yours for FREE! | On today\'s show... Cory and John are talking about athletes and how they get PAID. John uses his experience as an agent to explain negotiations. They talk about NFL holdouts, how that hurts the team but can work for certain players and wrap it up with a great discussion on money and fulfillment. Money is not the be all end all that many think it is. Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment! | On today\'s show... Cory and John are talking all things money. Everything from stocks, to managing your money and building wealth. If you have ever wondered when you should pull out of an investment, how much of your income to invest or simply wanted to build your financial IQ, this is the show for you! Be sure to SUBSCRIBE, SHARE the podcast with a friend and leave a 5 STAR Rating with a positive comment!', 'chan_desc': 'Business & Biceps is a podcast for entrepreneurs and those who aspire to be better. It is not for the faint of heart. Though you may not always like what you hear, it is the truth. We provide direct, off the cuff advice and life stories that will benefit anyone looking to become better at what they do. Hosted by two serial entrepreneurs who have experienced incredible highs and brutal lows, Cory Gregory & John Fosco. We take you through the process of identifying and applying the building blocks of what it takes become a better and more effective person. Business & Biceps is a podcast that stands out from the crowd.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/b7/f0/71/b7f0717f-86cd-cc59-ddd4-b37501f5bdc3/mza_6532646684147250144.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-08-23'}}

{'Motivation And Inspiration From Every Day Is Saturday With Sam Crowley': {'title': 'Motivation And Inspiration From Every Day Is Saturday With Sam Crowley', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Motivation-And-Inspiration-From-Every-Day-Is-Saturday-With-Sam-Crowley-id2181288', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Sam Crowley', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 5035, 'play_count': 62411, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/SamCrowley', 'http://everydayissaturday.com/podcasts-old/'], 'ep_total': 381, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '00:09:13', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:13:55', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:12:26', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:11:08', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:13:24', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:12:12', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:12:04', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:10:25', 1], ['2019-09-21', '00:12:26', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:12:00', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': ' |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | ', 'chan_desc': 'Les Brown said this podcast moved him to tears. Motivation, inspiration and success strategies for the entrepreneur, manager, business owner and sales person. Learn to overcome fear, failure and adversity by developing a new mindset. Sam Crowley is an ex-corporate slave who wanted one thing, to be a father. It sounds so simple until you realize that he was beholden to his employer, giving his direct reports at work all of his energy, while giving his family the left overs. All of that changed when Sam’s daughter asked “Daddy is tomorrow Saturday?” She asked him that because she wanted every day to be like the one day they saw each other. Sam quit his job and made the leap to being a speaker and podcaster. The Every Day Is Saturday podcast has been downloaded over 16 million times in over 100 countries. Go ahead and dive in. However, be careful. Sam has a unique way of getting you to take massive action towards your very own Saturday. Let’s get fired up!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts30/v4/c4/e5/ca/c4e5ca3f-c472-c141-168f-c783fe5c9f63/mza_670381962666082429.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-03-07'}}

{'The Nicole Walters Podcast': {'title': 'The Nicole Walters Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Nicole-Walters-Podcast-id1841554', 'num_comments': 14, 'author': 'Nicole Walters', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1068, 'play_count': 16067, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.nicolewalters.com'], 'ep_total': 37, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-16', '00:10:35', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:10:10', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:10:40', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:14:06', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:07:07', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:12:09', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:10:19', 0], ['2019-07-22', '00:14:45', 0], ['2019-07-15', '00:11:15', 0], ['2019-07-08', '00:14:13', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'This chat is a little different than normal because instead of sharing a lesson with you, I\'m coming here looking for advice! Why? Because I have a problem. My problem? All my mom friends are on the internet! Haha. But seriously listen in to hear what advice I need and then come find me on Instagram, Twitter, or Facebook and share what is working for you! I so appreciate this time together and I want to hang out more so come chat with me on social! Also, I\'d love to work together in my signature program, 1K1Day Academy. I only open enrollment twice a year and when this episode goes live, we\'re open! Head over to 1K1Day.com to join and learn more! Thanks for listening and talk soon! Read the transcript  HERE SHOW NOTES: www.NicoleWalters.com/episode33 | So I\'ve been getting the same question from a lot of you and that question is, "What do you actually do Nicole?" It makes me laugh but I get it! You see what I share on social but not what is happening behind the scenes with my clients, normal people just like you! So on this bonus episode, I\'m spending a few minutes explaining how we can work together this year. Yes, we\'re opening the doors to 1K1Day Academy THIS month and I don\'t want you to miss it. Head over to 1K1Day.com to learn all about my signature program. It won\'t be the same without you so head over there now! I love spending this time together each week but I don\'t want it to be the only way we chat! Come hang out with me on Instagram or Twitter! Talk to there! Read the transcript  here! | We\'re talking about three incredibly powerful words in this chat! These words are ones that we need to say to our children, our spouses, and in business. You may be surprised to hear what these three words are but know that these words will garner you respect at work and at home. You aren\'t expected to know everything and that\'s what we\'re talking about in this chat! So do you want to be a know-it-all or a learn-it-all? Let me know over on instagram! Thanks for hanging out with me each week! I so appreciate your time and I love spending this time together. Head over to 1k1day.com to learn more about how we can start working together today! Talk to you soon! Read the transcript  here! SHOW NOTES: www.NicoleWalters.com/episode32 | This is a weighty topic but one that we need to discuss. Today I need you to ask yourself - are you being robbed of your power? And an even tougher one - are you robbing someone of theirs? This might have you take a step back but I am seeing this all over - online, on tv, even at back-to-school night and it\'s something we absolutely need to get right. Lean in friend, this is an important one! I always appreciate you spending time with me each week! If these messages are making an impact on your life, share this show with a friend that needs it too! And don\'t forget to come hang out with me on Instagram @NicoleWalters. Talk to there! Read the transcript  here! SHOW NOTES: www.NicoleWalters.com/episode31 | This is a short chat on a topic that I know so many of you are struggling with - what is my purpose?! Purpose is a buzz word nowadays and it can leave us feeling like the life we\'re living right now doesn\'t measure up. But that\'s not it at all. In this bonus episode, I talk you through how your God-given gifts can serve others, generate a little revenue, provide some breathing room for your family, and then of course to live your legacy now. This is a short one so that you can dive into Fierce Clarity right away. Get my gift to you by going to MyFierceClarity.com and enter the code DOTHEWORK. I can\'t wait to chat with you there! Thanks for hanging out with me today! Read the transcript  HERE! | If you\'re following me on instagram or facebook, you know the challenge my family went through this summer. In this episode, I talk about the aftermath and how I\'m moving forward when things aren\'t okay. Each of us is carrying a heavy burden today. You may even be wondering, how can I do this AND leave a legacy? I get it. Know that you can, you won\'t do it perfectly but moving forward little by little, even when you\'re not okay, will get you there. What movement are you making this week? Let me know over on instagram. And THANK YOU for all of your love and support this last week - I am truly touched to have so many internet aunties on this journey with us. Thanks for listening! Read the transcript  here! SHOW NOTES: www.NicoleWalters.com/episode30 | I\'ve been getting the same message from a lot of you, a message that we need to talk about. This way of thinking is keeping you away from success, and it\'s something that you may even be passing onto your kids. So while I had something else planned, I know that this chat is right on time. So what is your ONE WAY today? Let me know over on instagram, I\'m @NicoleWalters! Let me know how you are moving forward today and breaking free of your one day mindset. Thanks for spending this time with me today - I really appreciate it. I love chatting with you each week and our next chat isn\'t going to be easy but it\'s so needed. Don\'t miss it!  Read the transcript  here! SHOW NOTES: www.NicoleWalters.com/episode29 | Today we\'re talking about itchy feet. I know that sounds crazy, but this may be just the wake up call you need. Are you always running? In this episode I challenge you to go deep instead of going wide and at the end, I have a special gift for you. If you\'re looking for clarity on your purpose, do not miss this one, it has the potential to be life changing. Let me know if you resonated with this one and what you\'re doing to live out your purpose. Connect with me on Instagram, Facebook, or send me a tweet. I want to connect with you because I appreciate spending this time with you! Thanks for listening! Find the special code and any other links mentioned in this episode on the show notes. Talk to you soon friend! Read the transcript  here! SHOW NOTES:\xa0www.NicoleWalters.com/episode28 | What is holding you back from sharing your story? From putting yourself out there? In today\'s episode we\'re talking about one thing that misleads a lot of us. Not only does it mislead us, it tries to convince us that we don\'t have what it takes to change lives with our story and that\'s just not true. Listen in to hear how despite what the internet says, we\'ve all got a lot in common and your story is NEEDED. Thanks for listening! You know I love these chats with you - let me know what you got from this episode over on ig stories! And if you\'re enjoying the show, make sure you\'re subscribed and write a review! I can\'t wait to talk to you soon. Read the transcript  here! SHOW NOTES:\xa0www.NicoleWalters.com/episode27 | Hey friend! Each week I share my truths- the good, the bad, and the ugly so that you can boldly live in your own truth. And it matters that every day we\'re living our legacy and that\'s what we\'re touching on in today\'s episode. We\'re talking about the one lesson I had to learn the hard way. One thing that I see my friends and clients struggle with on a regular basis! This one myth will hold you back, so join me in this chat! Thanks for listening! Let me know what stuck with you from this episode. And if you really enjoyed it, write a review! I can\'t wait to talk to you soon. Read the transcript  here! SHOW NOTES: www.NicoleWalters.com/episode26', 'chan_desc': "The Nicole Walters Podcast is for the everyday entrepreneur that wants to increase their income but doesn’t know where to start. If that’s you, you’re in the right place!Nicole Walters is a wife, mom, income strategist, entrepreneur, and the founder of The Monetized Life™. Join Nicole each week for a new episode packed with what you need to know to gain clarity, grow your network and monetize your life using the proven corporate strategies she mastered in 10 years as a Fortune 500 executive.Whether you’re just starting out and don’t know your next step, or you're multi-passionate and don’t know the right next step, Nicole is here to break it down for you! Richfriend, let’s add some commas to your bank account!Listen each week. Do. The. Work, and success WILL come!For more resources, check out NicoleWalters.com and join the RichFriend club and join the facebook community at facebook.com/MonetizeThyself", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/3b/c7/85/3bc785d7-3e3d-0b09-762e-e8271304a5ab/mza_8413821634806881722.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-12-21'}}

{'The Product Boss Podcast': {'title': 'The Product Boss Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Product-Boss-Podcast-id1145091', 'num_comments': 4, 'author': 'Jacqueline Snyder and Minna Khounlo-Sithep', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 433, 'play_count': 25350, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.theproductboss.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 120, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:46:13', 2], ['2019-09-30', '00:34:50', 2], ['2019-09-26', '00:45:50', 1], ['2019-09-19', '00:34:40', 1], ['2019-09-16', '00:30:55', 2], ['2019-09-12', '00:26:07', 3], ['2019-09-05', '00:44:32', 1], ['2019-08-29', '00:26:12', 1], ['2019-08-22', '00:36:02', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:35:30', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'What does it look like to have your brand in Target stores? Today we have a special guest, Kelly Barker of Prep Your Skin and she shares with us what life looks like behind getting onto Target shelves. Prep Your Skin is "perfectly giftable beauty products at a modest price" in the clean beauty section.\xa0She took a leap of faith in 2013 and left her corporate career to become an entrepreneur. Kelly’s adventure as an entrepreneur has been painful yet full of joy, as she claims life is all about learning and growing in a positive environment. She is the mom to two children who have seen first-hand the ups and downs of starting a business from scratch. Connect with Kelly: Prep Your Skin website Prep Your Skin instagram --  Review The Product Boss Podcast on Apple Podcasts!\xa0We read every single review and we might even read yours on air. It helps us to grow and continually bring you the best content we can. We really appreciate it! xo, Jacqueline and Minna -- We\'d love to connect with you on Instagram! Join us at\xa0@theproductboss Get into\xa0The Product Boss Facebook Group and connect with other product-based entrepreneurs. See you in there! -- Get our free download "10 Hacks to Running Your Business Like a Well-Oiled Machine" | Ep. 113: In this bonus episode, we’re teaching YOU The 3 Secrets to Growing Your Product-Based Business Sales and Visibility for more profits. [DOORS OPEN - ONLY 2 MORE DAYS to enroll] This episode is brought to you by our signature program Multi-Stream Machine, where we help you 2x-4x your sales and increase your visibility faster in your product-based business. Go to www.multistreammachine.com\xa0right now and enroll now. | Ep. 112: "How do I grow my business?" This is a question we get all the time from our product entrepreneurs. In this episode, we go over 5 ways to grow - and where to look for opportunities as you think about your business for the future. Did you hear? We are opening the doors to our signature course MultiStream Machine tomorrow (Sept 27th) - and it’s only open for 5 days! This is where we teach product based business owners, like you, how to 2x -4x your businesses in months, not years by increasing your visibility and sales across multiple platforms.\xa0Mark your calendars to check out\xa0www.multistreammachine.com. Don\'t miss it! --  Please review us on Apple Podcasts!\xa0We read every single review and we might even read yours on air. It helps us to grow and continually bring you the best content we can. We really appreciate it! xo, Jacqueline and Minna -- We\'d love to connect with you on Instagram! Join us at\xa0@theproductboss Get into\xa0The Product Boss Facebook Group and connect with other product-based entrepreneurs. See you in there! -- Get our free download "10 Hacks to Running Your Business Like a Well-Oiled Machine" \xa0 | Ep. 111: This episode was brought to you by our\xa0[FREE] Rock Your Holiday Promotions Challenge, where we help you create holiday offers/promotions that grab your customer’s attention and start to snowball your sales. This extra special 5-day [FREE] live training is coming to you September 23rd – 27th.TIME IS RUNNING OUT!!\xa0Sign up now! Here’s what we’ll cover: Day 1: Mark the most important Holiday Dates for every product-based business Day 2: Create Your Best Offers to take advantage of the holiday hype Day 3:Amplify the Holiday Mood and share it with the world Day 4:Pre-Schedule your holiday promotions ready to sell at the right time Day 5: Create a plan to boost your sales through the holidays beyond offering a discount. Videos get delivered straight to your inbox, and it’s absolutely FREE. TIME IS RUNNING OUT!! Grab your spot and sign up at www.rockyourholidaypromotions.com. You do not have to do this alone, let’s build this together. \xa0 Links Mentioned: Lunch Squares | Ep. 110: In this bonus episode, we chat about where you\'re showing up to sell. Don\'t know what promotions and offers to create for your customers? This episode was brought to you by our\xa0[FREE] Rock Your Holiday Promotions Challenge, where we help you create holiday offers/promotions that grab your customer’s attention and start to snowball your sales. This extra special 5-day [FREE] live training is coming to you September 23rd – 27th. Sign up now! Here’s what we’ll cover: Day 1: Mark the most important Holiday Dates for every product-based business Day 2: Create Your Best Offers to take advantage of the holiday hype Day 3:Amplify the Holiday Mood and share it with the world Day 4:Pre-Schedule your holiday promotions ready to sell at the right time Day 5: Create a plan to boost your sales through the holidays beyond offering a discount. Videos get delivered straight to your inbox, and it’s absolutely FREE. Grab your spot and sign up at www.rockyourholidaypromotions.com. You do not have to do this alone, let’s build this together. --  Review The Product Boss Podcast on Apple Podcasts!\xa0We read every single review and we might even read yours on air. It helps us to grow and continually bring you the best content we can. We really appreciate it! xo, Jacqueline and Minna -- We\'d love to connect with you on Instagram! Join us at\xa0@theproductboss Get into\xa0The Product Boss Facebook Group and connect with other product-based entrepreneurs. See you in there! | Ep. 109: In this episode, let\'s get organized for the holiday season! This Holiday Prep Series is tackling the behind-the-scenes preparation that needs to happen as you are working IN your business. However, it doesn\'t cover the front-facing offers and promotions that you\'ll need to create for a profitable holiday season. For that, we have created our\xa0[FREE] Rock Your Holiday Promotions Challenge, where we help you create holiday offers/promotions that grab your customer’s attention and start to snowball your sales. This extra special 5-day [FREE] live training is coming to you September 23rd – 27th. Sign up now! Here’s what we’ll cover: Day 1: Mark the most important Holiday Dates for every product-based business Day 2: Create Your Best Offers to take advantage of the holiday hype Day 3:Amplify the Holiday Mood and share it with the world Day 4:Pre-Schedule your holiday promotions ready to sell at the right time Day 5: Create a plan to boost your sales through the holidays beyond offering a discount. Videos get delivered straight to your inbox, and it’s absolutely FREE. Grab your spot and sign up at www.rockyourholidaypromotions.com. You do not have to do this alone, let’s build this together. --  Review The Product Boss Podcast on Apple Podcasts!\xa0We read every single review and we might even read yours on air. It helps us to grow and continually bring you the best content we can. We really appreciate it! xo, Jacqueline and Minna -- We\'d love to connect with you on Instagram! Join us at\xa0@theproductboss Get into\xa0The Product Boss Facebook Group and connect with other product-based entrepreneurs. See you in there! | Ep. 108: Today\'s guest is Divya Gugnani of Co-Founder of Wander Beauty. She shares with us her breadth of knowledge of starting a product business with one product and then expanding - surveying their customers every step of the way. We get to hear how she and her business partner and co-founder, Lindsay Ellingson, met and began their hustle into the clean beauty industry. Also how they began with one product that was named an Allure Beauty award winner and, more recently, how they were featured in FabFitFun subscription boxes. This episode is not to be missed. There are so many gems of knowledge in there - listen now! Wander Beauty website - use code "PRODUCTBOSS" for 20% off! Wander Beauty Instagram Divya Gugnani on Instagram --  Review The Product Boss Podcast on Apple Podcasts!\xa0We read every single review and we might even read yours on air. It helps us to grow and continually bring you the best content we can. We really appreciate it! xo, Jacqueline and Minna -- We\'d love to connect with you on Instagram! Join us at\xa0@theproductboss Get into\xa0The Product Boss Facebook Group and connect with other product-based entrepreneurs. See you in there! -- Get our free download "10 Hacks to Running Your Business Like a Well-Oiled Machine" \xa0 | Episode 107: “Don\'t be great. Be consistently good.” -Eric Barker.\xa0We all know consistency is really imperative for success. But, where should you actually be putting in the consistent work to move your business forward the most? In this episode, we chat about the four areas of running your business where consistency matters most, so you can tap into this key to success #4.\xa0 --  Please review The Product Boss Podcast on Apple Podcasts. We read every single review and we might even read yours on air. It helps us to grow and continually bring you the best content we can. We really appreciate it! xo, Jacqueline and Minna -- We\'d love to connect with you on Instagram! Join us at\xa0@theproductboss Get into\xa0The Product Boss Facebook Group and connect with other product-based entrepreneurs. See you in there! -- Get our free download "10 Hacks to Running Your Business Like a Well-Oiled Machine" \xa0 | Ep. 106: This is a 4-part mini-series. We\'ll be sharing Keys to Success that are necessary for any product entrepreneur or small business owner to create the life they want. Today is Key to Success #3: Become the CEO. What does it mean to be a CEO? What role do you actually play to become the CEO? In this episode, we go over what a Product Boss needs to know to understand and embrace as the role of CEO in their product-based business - and to become the CEO in your journey. -- Join our masterminds/programs for product entrepreneurs. Spots are limited - we have a place for product business owners at every level:   If you\'re in idea to Startup stage, check out The Start   If you have Product in hand and ready to sell (or just started selling), check out The Build   If you are a 5-figure Business and gearing up to be 6-Figures and beyond, check out The Climb   If you are multiple 6-figures to 7-figures, check out our peer mastermind The Top   Spots are limited. Remember, Q4 is fast approaching and this is the most important time of year for product businesses, so grab your spot NOW.\xa0 -- We\'d love to connect with you on Instagram! Join us at\xa0@theproductboss Get into\xa0The Product Boss Facebook Group and connect with other product-based entrepreneurs. See you in there! | Ep. 105: This is a 4-part mini-series. We\'ll be sharing four philosophies or Keys to Success that we found to be at the core of entrepreneurial and business growth - we believe they are necessary for any product entrepreneur or small business owner to create the life they want, including you. Join us! And, we\'re excited to share them over the next 4 episodes. Today is Key to Success #2: Success Begets Success. -- It\'s official: our programs have opened! We are NOW filling spots for\xa0The Product Boss\xa0Mastermind\xa0and Coached Groups. We have a place for product business owners at every level.   If you\'re in idea to Startup stage, check out  The Start   If you have Product in hand and ready to sell (or just started selling), check out  The Build   If you are a 5-figure Business and gearing up to be 6-Figures and beyond, check out  The Climb   If you are multiple 6-figures to 7-figures, check out our peer mastermind The Top   Spots are limited. Remember, Q4 is fast approaching and this is the most important time of year for product businesses, so grab your spot NOW.\xa0 -- We\'d love to connect with you on Instagram! Join us at\xa0@theproductboss Get into\xa0The Product Boss Facebook Group and connect with other product-based entrepreneurs. See you in there!', 'chan_desc': "Is it possible to create passive income and multiple streams of revenue in the product world?  Can you make your physical product or private label business a full-time income from a side hustle? Can makers take their handmade items and manufacture in a smart way to scale their businesses and handle teams, inventory and production without losing your special touch? Each week, these two women entrepreneurs, product experts and biz besties, Jacqueline and Minna have a workshop-style, school format episode of social media marketing strategies and real tactics about the challenges of a being a product entrepreneur and juggling life being a boss and mom, stretch goal coach and female business owner in this ever-changing online world. Episodes include how to grow your online platforms and revenue - e-commerce business sales channels, gaining perpetual traffic to your website, such as Amazon, Shopify and Etsy and offline, such as wholesale start up, traditional and non-traditional marketing, creative small business marketing ideas and content calendar planning, finding product keywords and blogging, how to leverage ecommerce seller visibility, overcome entrepreneurial mindset and growth, and effectively tackle product-based struggles with productivity hacks, routines and goals and easy organization tips. And, last but not least, how to create an amazing life and build the business you dream of, whether you're a start-up, 6-figure business or millionaire mom.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/84/bb/73/84bb7353-bb81-3aa9-ad8e-4b87934299d8/mza_1119756425114615925.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-01-08'}}

{'Optimal Business Daily': {'title': 'Optimal Business Daily', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Optimal-Business-Daily-id423656', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Dan W. | Optimal Living Daily', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2394, 'play_count': 84460, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/OLDPodcast', 'https://www.facebook.com/groups/oldpodcast', 'https://www.instagram.com/oldpodcast', 'https://www.youtube.com/optimallivingdaily', 'https://oldpodcast.com/', 'https://paypal.me/oldpodcast'], 'ep_total': 741, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:07:07', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:05:20', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:09:16', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:09:16', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:09:37', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:08:40', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:09:03', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:07:44', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:09:19', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:08:55', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Stella Grizont of Woopaah shares what to say when you\'re asked to do too much work. \xa0 Episode 740: Too Much Work? What To Say When You\'re Asked To Do More by Stella Grizont of Woopaah on Work-Load Balance \xa0 Stella Grizont works with over achievers who are seeking deeper career fulfillment and with organizations who are dedicated to elevating the well-being of their employees.\xa0 She studied Economics at Columbia University\'s Barnard College and was one of the first 150 people to earn a Masters in the Applied Positive Psychology (aka the science of happiness) from the University of Pennsylvania.\xa0 She now lives in New Jersey with her husband and toddler, who continue to teach her what life is all about.\xa0 \xa0 The original post is located here: https://www.woopaah.com/blog/2015/9/16/too-much-work-what-to-say-when-youre-asked-to-do-more.html \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts  With the SendPro Software, you can compare shipping rates between carriers, plus save 40 percent off USPS Priority Mail shipping and get 5 cents off every letter you send. Try it FREE for 30 days and get a FREE 10 pound scale when you visit pb.com/optimal | Tynan with Tynan.com shares the mental journey of writing a book. \xa0 Episode 739: The Mental Journey of Writing a Book by Tynan on How To Write A Book \xa0 Tynan was named as one of the top 25 best bloggers in 2013 by Time Magazine. He believes in making deliberate decisions and breaking away from the herd mentality. He likes learning new things, building habits, exposing the world, connecting with awesome people, and creating good work. The New York Times Bestseller “The Game” featured him as one of the main characters, as he was one of the most famous pickup artists in the world. In 2008, he sold everything he owned and went on an extended world trip, becoming a fervent minimalist. Fun facts: he’s a college dropout, was a professional poker player, Courtney Love was his roommate for 9 months, and he once built a swimming pool in his living room. \xa0 The original post is located here: http://tynan.com/bookwriting \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts | Robert Farrington of The College Investor shares if there are honest working-from-home jobs out there. \xa0 Episode 738: Are There Honest Working-From-Home Jobs Out There? by Robert Farrington of The College Investor on Telecommuting \xa0 Robert Farrington is a personal finance expert that focuses on helping millennials get out of student loan debt and start investing for their future. He also helps parents make smart choices about college financing options and navigating the complex world of paying for school. He started The College Investor in 2009 as a forum to discuss the myriad of financial issues facing young adults. \xa0 The original post is located here: https://thecollegeinvestor.com/21966/working-from-home-jobs/ \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts   Gusto is making payroll, benefits, and HR easy for small businesses. Get 3 months free once you run your first payroll with our link: Gusto.com/OBD | Margo Aaron of That Seems Important shares the real reason self-promotion sucks. This is part 2 of 2.\xa0 \xa0 Episode 737: [Part 2] The Real Reason Self-Promotion Sucks by Margo Aaron of That Seems Important on Customer Acquisition \xa0 Margo Aaron is a proud graduate of Emory University, Columbia University and altMBA where she won the prestigious Walker Award. In 2017 she founded The Arena, the first virtual coworking space for solopreneurs. She\'s a regular contributor to Inc and lives in Jersey City as a Daywalker. \xa0 The original posts are located here: https://www.thatseemsimportant.com/marketing/reason-self-promotion-sucks/ \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts  Thank you to TextExpander for sponsoring! Create short codes/snippets for anything you type or send frequently. Get 20% off by visiting: TextExpander.com/podcast | Margo Aaron of That Seems Important shares the real reason self-promotion sucks. This is part 1 of 2.\xa0 \xa0 Episode 736: [Part 1] The Real Reason Self-Promotion Sucks by Margo Aaron of That Seems Important on Marketing & Advertising \xa0 Margo Aaron is a proud graduate of Emory University, Columbia University and altMBA where she won the prestigious Walker Award. In 2017 she founded The Arena, the first virtual coworking space for solopreneurs. She\'s a regular contributor to Inc and lives in Jersey City as a Daywalker. \xa0 The original posts are located here: https://www.thatseemsimportant.com/marketing/reason-self-promotion-sucks/ \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts  This episode is proudly sponsored by DesignCrowd! Get $100 off your first design project with the coupon code OPTIMAL:\xa0DesignCrowd.com/Optimal | Steve Chou of My Wife Quit Her Job shares 5 pricing strategies to boost your online store sales immediately. \xa0 Episode 735: 5 Pricing Strategies To Boost Your Online Store Sales Immediately by Steve Chou of My Wife Quit Her Job \xa0 Steve Chou of My Wife Quit Her Job carries both a bachelors and a masters degree in electrical engineering from Stanford University, but spent a good portion of his graduate education studying entrepreneurship and small business. When he and his wife had a child, they launched an online store to supplement their income, and quickly replaced Steve\'s wife\'s income stream through the new business. Steve blogs about it all at MyWifeQuitHerJob.com \xa0 The original post is located here: https://mywifequitherjob.com/5-easy-ways-to-boost-your-online-store-sales-immediately/ \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts  Fall quarter is coming up and registration is open! Visit ce.uci.edu/optimalbusiness and enter promo code: OBD for 15% off one course. This offer is only valid until December 31, 2019 at 11:59pm. | 2 short posts from Kara Goldin on leadership and entrepreneurship. Episode 734: Five Qualities That Define Great Leadership And Passion, Perseverance, and Patience by Kara Goldin on Entrepreneurs Kara Goldin is the founder and CEO of hint inc., the San Francisco-based healthy lifestyle company, best known for hint water and most recently, hint sunscreen. Kara has been an operating-entrepreneur growing hint to a brand worth hundreds of millions of dollars. She\'s created a purpose driven business focused on the end consumer. The original posts are located here: https://karagoldin.com/blog/five-qualities-that-define-great-leadership/  https://karagoldin.com/blog/passion-perseverance-patience-three-p-words-every-successful-entrepreneur-must/ Please Rate & Review the Show! Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts With the SendPro Software, you can compare shipping rates between carriers, plus save 40 percent off USPS Priority Mail shipping and get 5 cents off every letter you send. Try it FREE for 30 days and get a FREE 10 pound scale when you visit pb.com/optimal | Kate Erickson of Entrepreneurs on Fire shares what is thought leadership and why you should care. \xa0 Episode 733: What is "Thought Leadership" and Why Should I Care? by Kate Erickson of EOFire on Content for Lead Generation \xa0 Kate Erickson joined John Lee Dumas and the EOFire team in April 2013 as the Content Creator. Since then, she\'s grown to consider herself the overall Implementer of all things at EOFire. Over the past several years at EOFire, she has uncovered new passions. Her most recent: helping entrepreneurs create freedom in their business and life through developing systems and processes that can help their business scale and grow. \xa0 The original post is located here: https://www.eofire.com/what-is-thought-leadership-and-why-should-i-care/ \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts   Gusto is making payroll, benefits, and HR easy for small businesses. Get 3 months free once you run your first payroll with our link: Gusto.com/OBD | Isaac Morehouse asks why not go work for an awesome company now. \xa0 Episode 732: Why Not Go Work for an Awesome Company Now? by Isaac Morehouse on How To Get A Great Internship \xa0 Isaac Morehouse is the founder and CEO of Praxis, an awesome startup apprenticeship program making degrees irrelevant for careers.\xa0 He is dedicated to the relentless pursuit of freedom. He\'s written some books, done some podcasting, and is always experimenting with self-directed living and learning. When he\'s not with his wife and kids or building his company, he can be found smoking cigars, playing guitars, singing, reading, writing, getting angry watching sports teams from his home state of Michigan, or enjoying the beach.\xa0 \xa0 The original post is located here: https://isaacmorehouse.com/2015/05/20/why-not-go-work-for-an-awesome-company-now/ \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts  This episode is proudly sponsored by DesignCrowd! Get $100 off your first design project with the coupon code OPTIMAL:\xa0DesignCrowd.com/Optimal | Laura Stack of The Productivity Pro shares her thoughts on the virtual office as a versatile business tool. \xa0 Episode 731: The Virtual Office as a Versatile Business Tool by Laura Stack of The Productivity Pro on How to Telecommute \xa0 Laura Stack, MBA, CSP, CPAE is an award-winning keynote speaker, bestselling author, and noted authority on employee and team productivity. She is the president of The Productivity Pro, Inc., a company dedicated to helping leaders increase workplace performance in high-stress environments. Stack has authored eight books, including FASTER TOGETHER: Accelerating Your Team\'s Productivity (Berrett-Koehler 2018). She is a past president of the National Speakers Association, and a member of its exclusive Speaker Hall of Fame (with fewer than 175 members worldwide.) Stack\'s clients include Cisco Systems, Wal-Mart, and Bank of America, and she has been featured on the CBS Early Show and CNN, and in the New York Times. \xa0 The original post is located here: http://theproductivitypro.com/blog/2013/11/the-virtual-office-as-a-versatile-business-tool/ \xa0   Please Rate & Review the Show!  Visit Me Online at OLDPodcast.com  and\xa0Join the Ol\' Family to get your Free Gifts  Fall quarter is coming up and registration is open! Visit ce.uci.edu/optimalbusiness and enter promo code: OBD for 15% off one course. This offer is only valid until December 31, 2019 at 11:59pm.', 'chan_desc': 'I read you the best content on entrepreneurship, startups, side hustles, freelancing, and more, with author permission. Think of Optimal Business Daily as an audioblog or blogcast.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/a8/ae/d2/a8aed2d2-4a3a-9e36-6ecf-bfe24be10335/mza_5507921322293600135.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-12-04'}}

{'The Massimo Show': {'title': 'The Massimo Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Massimo-Show-id2352621', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Rod Santomassimo', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 5, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://rodsantomassimo.com/podcasts/'], 'ep_total': 7, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:26:57', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:28:04', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:15:23', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:31:56', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:21:29', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:37:24', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:42:52', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'WSJ bestselling author and speaker David Long is back for Part II of our interview to talk about the book club that is key to his company’s culture, how he is able to take a minimum of 24 weeks of vacation a year and his book Built to Lead: 7 Management R.E.W.A.R.D.S. Principles for Becoming a Top 10% Manager. | WSJ bestselling author and speaker David Long shares his painful story of losing everything before creating\xa0MyEmployees, a hugely successful business, and offers a strategy for employing family members, and for recruiting and retaining the best in Part I of our interview. | Network Marketing Pro Gary Vaynerchuk spends some time answering my specific questions about which direction to choose in marketing the Massimo Group. | Hall of Fame Keynote Speaker, NYTimes Bestselling Author, decorated Fighter Pilot and Your Wingman, Lt. Col. Robert "Waldo" Waldman, joins me again today for Part 2 of our conversation and shares a particularly powerful personal story on when\xa0quitting can get you back into the cockpit of your mission and how to quit with honor. | Hall of Fame Keynote Speaker, New York Times Bestselling Author, decorated Fighter Pilot and Your Wingman, Lt. Col. Robert "Waldo" Waldman, joins me today to share his fantastic story about how he overcame his fear of heights in order to attain his higher goal and how it applies to you. | Coach, speaker, writer and thought-leader Dr. Jim Karrh talks with me about not only why our message is important, but how to craft and manage our own personal and professional message | I thought it was only appropriate that I produce our first Massimo Show with our guest Bob Knakal, Chairman of NY Investments for JLL. Bob is one of the top producers in the world, and I\'ve known him for several years. When I first met Bob, he was struggling with getting more margin in his life. His goal was simple: Make the same amount of money but in less time. He wanted to spend more time with his wife and daughter. Here\'s the story behind Bob Knakal, one of the top producers in the world, and how he found that margin, had more time for his family and made more money along the way. So, welcome to this first episode of The Massimo Show.', 'chan_desc': 'Over the last 10 plus years, the Massimo Group has had the privilege of working with thousands of professional entrepreneurs and solopreneurs most of whom wish to attain either more margin in their life or financial margin in their future. More money and less time. The objective of the Massimo Show is not only to provide insights from top producers across the globe, but also to share personal and professional success trends from authors, thought leaders, and the like. Ideas to help you grow your personal practice. Welcome to The Massimo Show.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/1a/57/9f/1a579f09-7592-224f-b2dd-5e5b36878338/mza_1074267847344444157.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-19'}}

{'SaaS Interviews with CEOs, Startups, Founders': {'title': 'SaaS Interviews with CEOs, Startups, Founders', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/SaaS-Interviews-with-CEOs%2C-Startups%2C-Founders-id3985', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Nathan Latka', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 1573, 'play_count': 65997, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://nathanlatka.com/thetop'], 'ep_total': 1548, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-06', '00:20:59', 0], ['2019-10-05', '00:18:58', 1], ['2019-10-04', '00:18:53', 1], ['2019-10-03', '00:15:29', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:13:43', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:17:09', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:12:39', 0], ['2019-09-29', '00:21:35', 1], ['2019-09-28', '00:19:06', 1], ['2019-09-27', '00:12:09', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': " Guru founded Boomerang Commerce with a vision to power intelligent commerce. Formerly a leader at Amazon, Guru worked in the inceptive stages of Amazon’s supply chain and merchandising organizations. He co-founded one of Amazon’s cloud businesses, established Amazon’s first B2B marketing channel and invented Amazon’s Selling Coach to help brands and sellers to be successful with Amazon. At eBay, as the GM of Marketplace Experience, he led the global team that launched eBay’s fast shipping program. Guru earned his MS in Computer Engineering (a focus on Machine Learning) from the University of Texas at Austin, and his MBA from the Wharton School. Boomerang‘s CommerceIQ powers Growth Automation on Amazon for Kellogg’s, Kimberly Clark, Logitech and numerous other top tier brands. |  I started in the Internet Marketing space in 2000, when I co-founded one of the world's first email service providers, CoolerEmail. As a pioneer in responsible email marketing, we grew CoolerEmail into a global software company specializing in marketing communication with over 1,500 clients. In 2010, after spending several years designing and implementing a more comprehensive way to meet the needs of small and mid-sized businesses, I launched GreenRope, a cloud-based platform that simplifies and consolidates a company's sales, marketing, and operations. GreenRope currently provides technology solutions to over 3,000 companies worldwide. |  Naeem Zafar is a Professor of the Practice at Brown University and teaches at the University of California, Berkeley. He is a serial entrepreneur and the founder/CEO of TeleSense, an AgTech startup company. His last startup, Bitzer Mobile, was acquired by Oracle. Naeem has authored five books on entrepreneurship www.NaeemZafar.com. |  Armand Thiberge, founded SendinBlue in 2012 with the goal of making effective marketing tools available to small and medium-sized businesses at a price they can afford. In September 2017, SendinBlue raised 30 million euros to accelerate product development and continue growing their team of 150 employees spread across 3 global offices located in Paris, Delhi, and Seattle. The company now services +60,000 SMBs in 160 countries. |  Yash did his Mechanical Engineering and then worked as an Investment Banker before founding Gridle. He is a CNBC TV 18 Young Turk, Kairos fellow and MITx bootcamper. Currently, he serves as Co-founder & Chief Executive at Gridle where he looks after Finance, Resource Mgmt & Business Strategy. |  I build things.  Began playing with computers at age 13.  At VSH Solutions we've launched many successful software applications and businesses alongside them which has grown our business as well.  Throughout my life I've been focused on exploring new technologies and creating meaningful and enjoyable products with them. Now most of my time via VSH Solutions is concentrated on working with companies to continue exploring this passion. |  Following my studies at KCL in London and my first experience of scaling a Rocket Internet company all the way to IPO, I initially worked as a Consultant for a boutique consultancy which focusses on procurement and restructuring, where I was also involved in HR and reorganisation projects. Two years later, I moved to help scale an InsureTech organisation from 15 to 160+ employees within 3 years, supporting their internationalisation strategy. It was during this experience that I discovered a gap in the market for a one-stop tool to scale companies and digitise HR (everything from recruitment to off-boarding), whilst really focussing on the needs of the employees. A few colleagues and I decided to start our own company, OrgOS, which is now just over a year old. We are a fast-growing HR software as a service (SaaS) start-up with over 15 employees and a diverse range of clients – from prominent brands to other developing start-ups. |  Co-Founder & Managing Director Heiko Schwarz is Founder and Managing Director of riskmethods. Heiko is an expert in both software and strategic purchasing, and has spent 20 years successfully helping supply chain and procurement organizations implement solutions to increase performance, reduce cost and minimize risk. He has been honored with the Pro To Know award from Supply & Demand Chain Executive for his forward-thinking approach to the topic of supply chain risk management. |  Amanda Lannert is CEO of Jellyvision, one of Chicago’s fastest growing tech companies that serves 1400 customers with ALEX, the most helpful employee decision support platform on the planet. Jellyvision’s been recognized as the Best Software Company and Best Culture by the Moxies, the Lighthouse winner by the ITA, and a top place to work in Chicago by The Chicago Tribune and Crain’s. |  Serial software entrepreneur. I've founded 5 software companies and made 3 exits so far. In 2002 I founded Solinor (Software development company) which was acquired by Gofore in 2018. In 2004 I founded Snoobi (Web analytics SaaS company) which was acquired by Fonecta 2012. In 2011 I founded Payment Highway (Payment gateway SaaS company) and that was acquired by Osuuspankki in 2017. Currently, I'm Founder and CEO at Leadfeeder (Lead generation SaaS company).", 'chan_desc': "What if you knew data behind the fastest growing SaaS companies today? Each morning join Nathan Latka as he spends 15 minutes interviewing SaaS founders.  You'll learn how SaaS CEO's launched their startup and grew it into a real SaaS business. SaaS Founders range from bootstrapped to funded, MVP to 10,000 customers, pre revenue to pre IPO.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/d4/76/40d47658-3737-515f-9f4c-400338cdd0f3/mza_9146592060667060024.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-10-16'}}

{'Boutique Chat': {'title': 'Boutique Chat', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Boutique-Chat-id1182640', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'The Boutique Hub with Ashley Alderson', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 192, 'play_count': 8844, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://theboutiquehub.com/boutiquechat'], 'ep_total': 69, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:39:50', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:23:52', 1], ['2019-09-17', '00:57:18', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:47:11', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:23:29', 0], ['2019-07-30', '01:07:08', 0], ['2019-07-23', '00:42:01', 0], ['2019-07-16', '00:39:59', 0], ['2019-07-09', '00:48:14', 0], ['2019-07-02', '00:38:18', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': "Today Dani Flaming, owner of the Fringed Pineapple, joins us for Being a Successful Business Owner Means Knowing Your Customer. Dani comes on the show today in the height of winning Idaho's overall boutique of the year and the top 10 global boutique of the year. She tells us what it’s like to run a powerful, small-town business. Dani gives us insight on what social media outlets work best for her, how she stays real, and why finding your ideal customer is so important. In this episode, you’ll get some prime tips on the do's and don’t of starting a business.\xa0 | Today we are going over 5 Boutique Owner Myths Debunked with our host Ashley Alderson, founder of The Boutique Hub. Today's myths debunked are all about how you can increase your traffic and grow your sales. Ashley covers topics such as working with influencers, pricing, working with your team, and lots more! Grab a notebook and get ready to grow a thriving business.\xa0 | Today Marie Earthman, boutique owner and mom, joins us for Being Business Owner and Coping with Mental Illness. Marie got her start in the retail business at just 14, and never looked back. She grew to have her own successful online jewelry business in 2007 then moved onto a brick and mortar store in 2011, with both apparel and jewelry. But aside from running a successful business, Marie gives us her background on fighting a lifelong battle with depression and anxiety. Though today's topic is a hard one, it's one that needs to be more widely talked about. Mental health issues affect so many of us, and Marie shows us you're not alone. | Today Ben Parr, award winning entrepreneur, author, investor, and journalist, joins us for Demystifying Facebook Messenger. This episode is all about facing your fears! We are going deep into the world of marketing, so get ready to some take notes. Ben Parr explains to us the importance of using\xa0Facebook messenger for marketing. He also goes over the important topics such as; captivation marketing, comment capture, trends in ecommerce stores of ALL types, and so much more! | Ashley does a solo episode today on 7 Ways to Get More Bang for Your Buck When it Comes to Pricing Your Products.\xa0 Whether you're an experienced boutique owner or just a beginner, this episode may have you rethink your old pricing ways. Ashley goes over some important topics such as turn rates, how to rethink markdowns, and why your pricing is unique to your business. We want you to be able to capitalize on all the hard work and effort you’ve been putting into your business, that is why the strategy behind your pricing is so important! | Krisee and Whitney, founder’s of Hayloft Boutique, join us for today’s episode Why You Need Both Your Right And Left Brain While Running a Business. From starting their business with a single t-shirt to now owning a blooming online shop and storefront, Krissee and Whitney give us all the info on how it all came together so perfectly. Some important topics discussed in today's episode include using comment sold, managing your inventory, and how to balance the analytical side & the creative side as a lean business.These ladies did not spare any details on what has helped them create a successful business!\xa0 | Brittany and Vannessa, founders of Simple Blessings Boutique, join us on today's episode Growing Your Business As a Team. The founders of Simple Blessings go over the important topic of what it means to scale a small business. From learning how to keep track of your numbers in all areas of you boutique, creating a personal relationship with your customers, and going through it all as a team. These two really show no matter what your business size, you can own it AND be successful! | Erica Kelley, founder of Whiskey Darling, joins us for today's episode Marketing to Your Audience On a Personal Level. Erica’s mission is empowering women of every shape and size to be themselves and knowing they can feel confident in her boutique’s clothing. Erica covers other topics such as marketing to a large age range, photo editing, and facebook ads.\xa0 | Taylor Jones, founder of The Tiny Closet, joins us on today's episode Marketing to Millennials. Taylor gives us her back story of starting her boutique with the dream of standing out and how she accomplished that with a bus in tow. Taylor gives us insight on the importance of creating an experience for customers, always being your authentic self, all things instagram, and so much more! No matter where your at on your business journey, you won’t want to miss out on today’s episode that is filled with some awesome content! | Today Michelle Manningham, founder of Texi Boots, joins us to talk about Building a Brand from Scratch. Michelle tells us how her vision of becoming a designer went from dream to reality. From finding out how to manufacture her line, believing in the core value of female entrepreneurs supporting one another, and learning to fight for your dream. You don't want to miss this inspiring episode!", 'chan_desc': 'Real life strategy, growth hacks, proven marketing advice and interviews of top leaders for boutique fashion industry businesses. Join Boutique Hub Founder, Ashley Alderson as she talks with retailers, boutiques, wholesale brands &  vendors, industry insiders to bring you the proven, juicy secrets that have helped companies rise to the top, and balance life and business. Join the spirit of Community over Competition, and find the next idea or connection for your business.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/61/ae/04/61ae044a-980a-a0a4-4ffa-bf99db7fac70/mza_3146126814626432176.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-02-21'}}

{'eBay for Business': {'title': 'eBay for Business', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/eBay-for-Business-id1391587', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'eBay', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 893, 'play_count': 15591, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://sellingonebay.ebay.libsynpro.com/website'], 'ep_total': 110, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:47:07', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:54:00', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:51:45', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:56:02', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:43:05', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:52:25', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:51:21', 0], ['2019-08-13', '01:00:01', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:38:25', 0], ['2019-07-30', '01:01:20', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! This week’s theme is The Perfect Price and how to find it, how to apply it and how to monitor it over time. In the Buzz, we cover topics of conversation in the Community, on social media, and the news. In the Main Story the Queen of Auctions Lynn Dralle shares her pricing strategies. On Inside eBay Harry Temkin explains how Terapeak can help research the perfect price for your listings as well as determine trends. He’ll share best practices too. We’ll also have a special message from Jordan Sweetnam, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Americas Market, in his first eBay for Business podcast appearance. He’ll tell us why he’s excited to be back and why sellers are core to eBay’s business.\xa0 To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 02:36 - The Buzz 07:53 - The Main Story - The Perfect Price - Lynn Dralle 19:20 - Inside eBay - The Perfect Price - Terapeak 26:01 - Special - Message from Jordan Sweetnam 43:31 - Special - Devin Wenig Acknowledgement 43:58 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/help/home eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/podcast eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellerprotection eBay.com/sellingonebay eBay.com/sts explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness \xa0 eBay Seller -\xa0http://thequeenofauctions.com #ebaypodcast \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! This week’s theme is It’s All in the Details, photos edition. As always, in the Buzz, we cover topics of conversation in the Community, on social media, and the news. In the Main Story we’ll continue from last week with eBay Seller Monica Gamboa and eBay VP of Seller Experience Harry Temkin regarding photos and the new image cleaner tool. Inside eBay features Liz Austin talking with Griff about product photography for eBay. We’ll also hear about the importance of disaster preparedness for your business on eBay as we check in with Casey Kempton of Chubb insurance. To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 02:40 - The Buzz 11:23 - The Main Story - Photos 18:55 - Inside eBay - Photos 40:40 - CHUBB 50:10 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line chubb.com eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/help/home eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/payments eBay.com/podcast eBay.com/salestax eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellerprotection eBay.com/sellingonebay explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness pages.ebay.com/seller-center/listing-and-marketing/promoted-listings.html eBay Seller - poshhanger eBay Seller - ghammat44\xa0 eBay Seller - stores.ebay.com/griffville #ebaypodcast \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! This week’s theme is The Perfect Holiday Listing. As always, In The Buzz, we cover topics of conversation in the Community, on social media, and the news. In the Main Story eBay seller Monica Gamboa and eBay VP of Seller Experience, Harry Temkin discuss…the perfect holiday listing. Better Know a Seller returns with eBay Shine Award winner Elijah McCloskey who tells us about his passion for vintage bicycles and how he’s leveraged that into a business on eBay that ties in perfectly with his charitable organization. We’ll also answer seller questions!\xa0 To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 03:18 - The Buzz 11:34 - The Main Story - The Perfect Holiday Listing 31:07 - Better Know - Seller Interview from eBay Open 39:50 - Calls / Questions 48:30 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/help/home eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/podcast eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellerprotection eBay.com/sellerupdate eBay.com/sellingonebay explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness ebay.com/e/charity/hurricane-dorian-relief eBay Seller -\xa0freewheel_bikes_madison #ebaypodcast \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! This week’s episode focuses on Social Media for the Holidays. In The Buzz, we cover topics of conversation in the Community, on social media, and the news. In the Main Story you’ll hear from our Social Media Panel at eBay Open 2019, led by eBay’s own Audrey Tracy, featuring Lisa Fruggiero, from Brand Networks, and eBay sellers Alexa Terry Wilde\xa0 and Holli Pahlen. To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 02:47 - The Buzz 07:36 - The Main Story - Special Intro 09:21 - The Main Story - Social Media Panel from eBay Open 51:14 - The Main Story - Special Outro 52:37 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/help/home eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/podcast eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellerprotection eBay.com/sellerupdate eBay.com/sellingonebay explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness  https://www.ebayinc.com/stories/news/applications-now-open-for-retail-revival-program-in-austin/ ebay.com/austin ebayinc.com/austin Seller Performance Standards:  https://www.ebay.com/help/selling/seller-levels-performance-standards/seller-levels-performance-standards?id=4080 digiday.com socialmediaexaminer.com eBay Seller -\xa0Antlers and Astronauts\xa0 Judi Dench, National Treasure https://youtu.be/I0wbYAn8IVw #ebaypodcast \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! This week’s episode is all about the 2019 Fall Seller Update. In The Buzz, we’ll give you a high level overview of the Seller Update, and tell you where you can learn more, and get questions answered. In the Main Story eBay Seller Laurie Wong tells us how she uses the new Multi User Account Access feature. On Inside eBay VP of Seller Experience Harry Temkin talks with us about the Fall Seller Update, and Bridget Davies VP, Revenue & Seller Growth, tells us about the enhancements and changes to the Promoted Listings tool announced in the update. To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 02:41 - The Buzz 07:12 - The Main Story - MUAA with Laurie Wong 18:40 - Inside eBay Part 1 - Harry Temkin - Seller Update 32:35 - Inside eBay Part 2 - Bridget Davies - Promoted Listings 39:20 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/help/home eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/payments eBay.com/podcast eBay.com/salestax eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellerprotection eBay.com/sellerupdate eBay.com/sellingonebay explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness eBay Seller -\xa0reflectionsoftrinity - https://www.ebay.com/str/reflectionsoftrinity #ebaypodcast \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! Our Lean Into Holiday theme continues this week, with the second of a two-part series. We’ll visit with four eBay sellers who share how they get ready for the biggest selling season of the year, and as always we’ve got The Buzz. To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 03:09 - The Buzz 11:31 - The Main Story - Holiday Prep - Louis Rodriguez 18:47 - The Main Story - Holiday Prep - Don Vigeant 28:34 - The Main Story - Holiday Prep - Glen Zubia 37:54 - The Main Story - Holiday Prep - Richard Cooley 48:25 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/help/home eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/payments eBay.com/podcast eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellerprotection eBay.com/sellingonebay explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness eBay Seller - funphones eBay Seller - garbsafari eBay Seller - hustlerhacks eBay Seller - salearea #ebaypodcast \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! In the first of a two-part series, this week’s theme is Lean Into Holiday. On Inside eBay, Andrea Gouw, Director of Home & Garden and Consumer Electronics at eBay, talks about planning for the holidays. \xa0On Better Know A Seller, we feature Craig Dawson and Terry Thayer, two winners of the You’re the Voice contest. As always we’ve got The Buzz, and we’ll also answer some seller questions. To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 02:25 - The Buzz 10:09 - The Main Story - Better Know - Contest Winner Interviews 27:53 - Inside eBay - Holiday Prep 37:56 - Question Time 46:15 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/payments eBay.com/podcast ebay.com/salestax eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellingonebay explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness https://www.ebay.com/str/baddogsstuff https://www.ebay.ca/usr/2dogsduds eBay Seller -\xa02dogsdigs and 2dogsduds\xa0 https://www.ebay.com/usr/txblue49 eBay Seller - txblue49\xa0 #ebaypodcast #makingithappen \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! In this week's episode we’ll hear from Shine award winner Clara Jeanne LaCelle as well as eBay Seller Peggy Smith on our Better Know A Seller segment. We’ll also hear Mohan Patt, Vice President of Buyer, Ads & Retail Standards, from eBay Open 2019, telling us about the new buyer experience. In The Buzz, we’ll talk about Chicago UpFront, trending topics from the eBay Community, eBay news, and we’ll also announce our You’re the Voice contest winners! Jen Deal is back with another edition of What’s Hot with sourcing news around Tech, Baby Tech, Weather preparedness and football.\xa0 We’ll also answer some seller questions.\xa0 To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 02:52 - The Buzz 08:15 - SHINE aware winner - Clara Jeanne LaCelle 16:45 - Better Know a Seller - Peggy Smith 23:24 - Inside eBay - Mohan Patt 36:22 - What's Hot 47:58 - Question Time 56:40 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/payments eBay.com/podcast ebay.com/salestax eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellingonebay eBay.com/TheNorthFace ebayinc.com/BatonRouge \xa0 explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness ebayinc.com/stories/news/retail-revival-empowering-small-businesses-adding-new-jobs-in-baton-rouge community.ebay.com/t5/eBay-UpFront/ct-p/Chicago flippertools.com/ebayYoutube/embed-youtube-videos-in-ebay-listings.htm eBay Seller - old-wahini eBay Seller - Surfinjunkie #ebaypodcast #makingithappen \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! This week's episode we’re launching a new segment called “Better Know An eBay Seller” featuring interviews with sellers from eBay Open 2019 with this year’s Shine Small Business of the Year winner More Than Words. We’ll talk with eBay CEO - Devin Wenig at eBay Open. In The Buzz we'll discuss eBay Open, Terapeak rollout, and our “You Are the Voice” contest. We’ll also answer some seller questions. To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 02:48 - The Buzz 07:32 - eBay CEO - Devin Wenig 18:13 - Main Story - Better Know An eBay Seller 27:24 - Question Time 35:00 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/payments eBay.com/podcast eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellingonebay eBayOpen.com eBayopen.com/shineawards explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness eBay Seller -ebaystores.com/mtwyouth #ebaypodcast #makingithappen\xa0 #ebayopen2019 \xa0 | Give us a call - 888-723-4630 Send us an email - podcast@ebay.com visit us at\xa0ebay.com/podcast \xa0 Welcome to eBay for Business! This week's episode is all about eBay Open 2019! We speak with eBay executives about both the year to date for eBay and what’s coming for the second half of 2019, with details on the big announcements from eBay Open. We’ll also speak with one of this year's Shine award winners, Nanette Zupon. In The Buzz we'll discuss a recent article on teaching coding written by Devin Wenig, and eBay's partnership with the TV show Grown-ish. To have your questions answered on eBay for Business, call us at 888 723-4630 or email us at podcast@ebay.com. \xa0 00:01 - Intro 05:18 - The Buzz 12:30 - Jay Hanson - eBay Open Overview 18:13 - Nanette Zupon - One of the SHINE award winners 24:42 - Sankar Subramanyan - Seller Protections 35:13 - William & Wendy Fortin - eBay Saved My Life 43:27 - Harry Temkin - New Seller Tools 58:18 - Outro \xa0 Links / Phone Numbers / Hashtags Mentioned: 888-723-4630 - Call in Line eBay.com/community eBay.com/communitychat eBay.com/meetups eBay.com/payments eBay.com/podcast eBay.com/sellercenter eBay.com/sellingonebay eBayOpen.com eBayopen.com/shineawards explore.ebay.com facebook.com/eBayForBusiness fortune.com/2019/07/20/ebay-devin-wenig-coding/ eBay Seller - americanartifacts eBay Seller - sweetheartdeals #ebaypodcast #makingithappen\xa0 #ebayopen2019 \xa0", 'chan_desc': 'The eBay for Business podcast is the number one eBay related podcast and a top e-commerce resource featuring eBay sellers, eBay employees and industry experts. This is the definitive weekly source for the information and inspiration needed to start, run and grow a business on eBay, the world’s most powerful marketplace. Find out more at ebay.com/podcast, reach us at 1-888-723-4630, or podcast@ebay.com.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/22/25/4022257b-e715-0afa-3641-af444ce18311/mza_1196778005513677014.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-06-19'}}

{'Self Made Podcast': {'title': 'Self Made Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Self-Made-Podcast-id2078226', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jessica Herrin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 177, 'play_count': 3450, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://jessicaherrin.com'], 'ep_total': 29, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:58:11', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:26:51', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:20:09', 1], ['2019-09-10', '00:40:40', 1], ['2019-09-03', '00:47:56', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:37:01', 1], ['2019-08-20', '00:25:33', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:38:38', 3], ['2019-08-06', '00:18:31', 1], ['2019-07-30', '00:24:44', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "On this episode of Self Made, Jessica shares an extraordinary keynote she gave at the Ever Skincare Beauty Summit. \xa0She offers powerful insights about the power of community, \xa0how tenacity matters, what it means to believe in yourself, and how legends lose more than they win. You won’t want to miss this inspirational conversation.Do you love Self Made? Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.\xa0 | To thrive and survive in business, leaders and entrepreneurs must continually ask themselves, are we still relevant and fresh? Can we be better? On this episode of Self Made, Jessica shares her internal dialogue and emotional journey as she leads an exciting business evolution as CEO of the Stella & Dot Family of Brands, where, in her words, she embraces an “out with the old, in with the bold,” transformation.\xa0Interested in learning more about Stella & Dot? CLICK HEREDo you love Self Made? Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.\xa0 | Sometimes after the interview ends, we continue to roll tape and end up capturing great content that we feel like we must share. So on this week’s episode of Self Made, Jessica continues her conversation with Kelly LeVeque to give you a real peek into the mind of a successful entrepreneur. You’ll hear about more about Kelly’s life and gain valuable insight into what it takes to take the leap and create success.\xa0Interested in reading Kelly’s latest book Body Love? CLICK HERE http://bit.ly/kellyselfmadeDo you love Self Made? Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.\xa0 | Following up on a Self Made favorite episode, Strong Body, Strong Mind, on today’s episode, Jessica chats with Kelly LeVeque, a holistic nutritionist, wellness expert, and health coach.\xa0 Together they dive into Kelly’s own Self Made journey, her passion for the science of human nutrition and how you can put it to work in your own life. This robust conversation will give you a starting point to develop sustainable habits to live a healthy and balanced life by walking you through her “fab four” philosophy.Interested in reading Kelly’s latest book Body Love? CLICK HERE\xa0TO BUY BODY LOVEDo you love Self Made? Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.  | “Every business dynamic is a human dynamic.”In our most vulnerable and authentic moments, how you think and what you believe shapes your path. Understanding the motivation behind your default behavior patterns will give you a window to make choices. On today’s episode of Self Made, Jessica chats with Kaley Klemp, a master of personal and professional development and they discuss the power of self-awareness and how to use it on your self made journey.Want to learn more about YOU? Visit http://bit.ly/enneagramselfmade to take the RHETI Enneagram test.Do you love Self Made? Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.\xa0 | On today’s episode of Self Made, Jessica breaks it down with Sarah Centrella, all-around bad-ass, single mother of three, who used her rock bottom to create her own Self Made future. \xa0 From struggle, she found strength and created her first #futureboard to guide her purpose-driven path and allow her dreams to grow into reality.\xa0Want to learn more about #futureboards?\xa0 Head to www.jessicaherrin.com to get a FREE downloadable guide created by Sarah Centrella.Do you love Self Made? Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.\xa0 | Back to school is a big deal. The season is changing, schedules are changing and feelings of insecurity and inadequacy in parenting are surfacing!\xa0 So, on this episode of Self Made, Jessica shares tips on how to say no to school-related obligations, so you can focus on the quality of your contributions to your family, yourself and your community and use your time wisely as we all head back to school and life gets busy.Want a copy of Jessica’s Book FIND YOUR EXTRAORDINARY? CLICK HEREDo you love Self Made? Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.  | So you want to become a master at using social videos to grow your business? On this episode of Self Made, Jessica interviews video branding expert and intuitive marketer, Jazz Graza.\xa0 You'll learn the right ways to use video to tell your story and help your project become even more successful.Do you love Self Made?\xa0 Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts and leaving a review.\xa0\xa0 | One of the most important things you need to cultivate in yourself to build a bedrock underneath you, that you can rely upon is your self-confidence. Today, on Self Made, Jessica shares her experience building from scratch and learning about self-confidence through the obstacles and challenges she faced throughout her entrepreneurial journey.\xa0 Early in her experience, a straightforward mantra surfaced, “belief beyond reason.” This simple phrase kept Jessica focused on the passions that were driving her and never let her life and experiences take away her energy and optimism.Want a copy of Jessica’s Book FIND YOUR EXTRAORDINARY? CLICK HEREDo you love Self Made? Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.  | Continuing on the theme of mantras, Jessica shares her favorite mantra of all time, the one she refers to as, “you do you,” and the thing is, this mantra is the most difficult one of all to live by.\xa0 Want know why? Listen and find out!Do you love Self Made?\xa0 Help us get the word out by sharing this episode with a friend and tagging #selfmadepodcast or heading over to Apple Podcasts, and leaving a review.\xa0\xa0", 'chan_desc': 'Real talk. Candid Conversations. Make it Happen Advice for Business & Life. Serial entrepreneur Jessica Herrin, Founder & CEO of Stella & Dot Family of Brands, shares an unfiltered perspective on her windy road towards success, obstacles faced, mistakes made, opportunities seized and challenges overcome. From mediocre student waitressing her way through community college and Stanford Business School drop out, Jessica bootstrapped her way to success, first as the co-founder of the company that became WeddingChannel.com -- a business that was commercially successful but didn’t leave her soulfully fulfilled. Out of the living room of her home, while working full time and pregnant with her first child, Jessica launched her next company, Stella & Dot, with a mission: To give women the opportunity to earn with flexibility and define success on their own terms. Today, she is at the helm of a company that has sold over $1 billion in products in fashion and beauty, and most importantly, helped women earn over $500 million in flexible income and own their destiny. Expanding on the lessons shared in her bestselling book, Find Your Extraordinary, Jessica, our coach, mentor, and mom of two invites women to participate in a weekly dialogue with the simple goal to help you rise in their own life. Jessica shares her personal point of view, lessons learned across a range of business and life topics and delves into the downright comical and imperfect tales of her own Self Made journey. Jessica will take things one step further and tap into her network of successful business leaders and gurus to share their insights on the journey towards success, pose important questions for us all to consider and offer make-it-happen advice. Self Made is for people who love to hustle, want more out of life, refuse to sacrifice too much to succeed -- whether professionally, personally or both -- and are looking for the mojo and actions they need to go out and make their own lives exactly what they want. Have a topic or question you want Jessica to talk about? Reach out to askjessicapodcast@stelladot.com she would love to hear from you. Love the show? Please share it by tagging #selfmadepodcast in your post and reviewing the show on Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/7c/96/6d/7c966de6-3853-698e-df6a-23933087d8c8/mza_1873375653091699983.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-04-02'}}

{'Beesness of Leadership Podcast by Bee Downtown': {'title': 'Beesness of Leadership Podcast by Bee Downtown', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Beesness-of-Leadership-Podcast-by-Bee-Downtown-id2374949', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Bee Downtown', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 4, 'play_count': 10, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.bee-downtown.com/'], 'ep_total': 2, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-22', '00:26:56', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:02:41', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Welcome to Episode 1 of the Beesness of Leadership with host Leigh-Kathryn Bonner and Joseph Laboeuf! In this episode we talk about how the unlikely duo of a Colonel and a Beekeeper found each other and what their future holds.\xa0 | Have you heard? We’re launching our very first podcast series, THE BEESNESS OF LEADERSHIP. Follow along with us as we deep dive into beekeeping, startup life, leadership, biomimicry and more!\xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Join host, and CEO of Bee Downtown, Leigh-Kathryn Bonner and Retired Colonel Joseph Leboeuf as they take a deep dive into beekeeping, startup life, leadership, biomimicry and more in the Beesness of Leadership podcast!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/0c/aa/f5/0caaf5e4-26ed-35ed-2c24-7c47bdc0bc2d/mza_6122769504188613305.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-15'}}

{'Startup Hustle': {'title': 'Startup Hustle', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Startup-Hustle-id1108173', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Startup Hustle', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 295, 'play_count': 9267, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.startuphustle.xyz/startup-hustle-episodes/'], 'ep_total': 184, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:38:16', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:53:22', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:41:50', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:59:44', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:59:22', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:54:31', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:50:28', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:48', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:53:42', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:56:21', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Live from San Francisco, Matt DeCoursey and co-host Brelann Lawler excitingly talk about what to expect at the TechCrunch Disrupt, an annual tech conference hosted by TechCrunch. TechCrunch is an online media publisher that is dedicated to obsessively profiling startups, reviewing gadgets and internet products and breaking tech news. TechCrunch never ceases to be on the forefront of up-and-coming technology. TechCrunch Disrupt is the world’s leading conference for debuting revolutionary startups but for Matt, TechCrunch is something that has grown to be a lot more than just a battlefield.Continue reading Matt Goes to TechCrunch at Startup Hustle. | Workplace injuries can be overwhelming and painful for both the employer and employee. It can’t be avoided 100% of the time and when injuries happen, it is uncertain when an employee can go back to work or how long the treatment could last. This uncertainty can lead to a lot of stress on both sides. In this episode of the Startup Hustle podcast, the Matts are joined by the CEO and founder of Bardavon Health Innovations, Matt Condon.Continue reading Health Tech Startups at Startup Hustle. | For most, riding a motorcycle saves a lot of money on fuel. With the price of gas seemingly skyrocketing, motorcycles are a very practical and economical choice when it comes to modes of transportation. But the fumes of most motorcycles are very harmful to the environment and people’s health. This is because motorcycles produce a disproportionate amount of air pollution compared to cars. There are fewer motorcycles out there than cars, but they’re keeping up.Continue reading Fuel System at Startup Hustle. | We are experiencing a growing cascade of big data. The implications of data analytics are enormous, if gathered and used effectively can give consumers a great experience. Now, wouldn’t this be interesting if there is a data-driven solution for every touchpoint of any fan’s journey? That is exactly what FanThreeSixty is doing! The studio is full of energy as the Matts go for a touchdown discussion on Data Analytics with FanThreeSixty CEO, Jason Houseworth. Houseworth believes that experience begins with data and giving your fans the experience that was made for them.Continue reading Data Analytics at Startup Hustle. | It’s no secret that video content marketing is on the rise. Businesses today are switching to video marketing to promote their products and connect with their customers. In this podcast episode, Jay Austin, CEO of Creators Group sits in with Matt DeCoursey as they plunge into the importance of Video Marketing. Headquartered in Kansas City, Creators Group makes a lot of videos, giving solutions to businesses that need more and better video content but don’t know how to get it done.Continue reading Video Marketing at Startup Hustle. | In the digital world of marketing, content plays a vital role. Content is king. Content is a necessity for any modern brand and not just used to set your business apart from your competitors. Content does more than simply fill your websites, it also helps build brand awareness and drives traffic. Listen up as the Matts are joined by DivvyHQ’s founders, Brock Stechman and Brody Dorland as they indulge in today’s hottest trend of content marketing.Continue reading Content Marketing at Startup Hustle. | The studio is full of energy as Matt DeCoursey welcomes KC’s most elusive yet heralded musician, Kemet Coleman. Coleman, otherwise known as Kemet the Phantom, is a member of the Hip-Hop duo COA (Center of Attention) and also the lead singer of the 7-member Funk/Rap/Soul band, The Phantastics. The Phantastics strive to evoke emotion and energy from their audience. A big part of making music for the group is combining different genres and creating songs that invite everyone to enjoy themselves.Continue reading Kemet The Phantom at Startup Hustle. | Whether you are starting a business from the ground up or trying to find funds to get your startup going, raising capital can be tough. Pure Pitch Rally also gives the local entrepreneurs access to the resources and people in the community who can take their business to the next level. In this podcast episode, the Matts are in for a sizzling discussion on 50K Giveaway with their guest, Karen Fenaroli, the founder of Pure Pitch Rally and CEO of Fenaroli & Associates.Continue reading 50K Giveaway at Startup Hustle. | What is hemp? And what is the composition of hemp? Well, hemp is probably one of the first plants that humans cultivated and there is a lot of stuff that people need to know about this plant. Although hemp is also a strain of cannabis, it is not the same as marijuana since these two have totally different components of THC. Hemp has only less than .3% of THC and Marijuana has over .3%, which then makes it illegal.Continue reading Industrial Hemp at Startup Hustle. | What do you consider when purchasing a used car? Having a new used car to drive can be invigorating – so you set your standards and budget and hunt for the right car hopping from one car dealer to another until you find the right deal. Listen to this podcast episode as Josh Parsons, co-founder and COO of Backlot Cars sits in with Matt DeCoursey on this propulsive discussion. Backlot Cars is a leading online marketplace for auto dealers.Continue reading Backlot Cars at Startup Hustle.', 'chan_desc': 'Startup Hustle is hosted by Matt DeCoursey & Matt Watson.  The Co-Founders of FullScale.io, an International company with hundreds of employees. Matt Watson once sold a company for 150 million dollars, Matt DeCoursey started a business in an extra bedroom of his home and created 30 million dollars in revenue, he is also the author of the top-selling book, "Million Dollar Bedroom" and the Founder of GigaBook.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/ca/e5/de/cae5de82-ec9b-b4c5-00bc-837dcb6bb958/mza_6177016357115779411.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-12-08'}}

{'The Total Life Freedom Podcast': {'title': 'The Total Life Freedom Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Total-Life-Freedom-Podcast-id2196152', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Vincent Pugliese', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 14, 'play_count': 586, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://totallifefreedom.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 92, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '00:06:15', 0], ['2019-10-04', '00:04:45', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:06:59', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:06:24', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:05:02', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:04:27', 0], ['2019-09-29', '00:06:18', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:05:14', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:06:36', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:10:06', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': ' |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | ', 'chan_desc': 'The Total Life Freedom Podcast is hosted by author, speaker, photographer and entrepreneur Vincent Pugliese. A daily, short format show, Total Life Freedom is a storytelling, informative and engaging solo podcast to inspire freelancers and entrepreneurs to build a life of time, money and location freedom.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/a3/7b/54/a37b54d3-6778-4be6-bff6-2506d3d0192e/mza_8365701518349314985.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-07-03'}}

{'The Fashionpreneur Diaries': {'title': 'The Fashionpreneur Diaries', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Fashionpreneur-Diaries-id2273660', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'B+BU Network', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 10, 'play_count': 32, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://thefashionpreneuracademy.com/'], 'ep_total': 5, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:28:09', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:30:35', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:02:54', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:38:13', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:04:23', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In Entry 4 of The Fashionpreneur Diaries, Jessica breaks down the accounting for fashionpreneurs. Learn all of the business hacks her CPA taught her to maximize profits in her businesses.Register for The Fashionpreneur Academy\'s FREE masterclass: How I made $100k in 90 days as a Designer happening this Wednesday at 5pm pacific/8pm eastern. Join her as she teaches you how she has scaled her businesses within fashion! Ads and technology are the driving forces within this industry. Join her as she shares real results and real numbers! For every $2k spent on marketing, she nets $40k. She will discuss REAL budgeting and fashion resources to grow your brand! Learn how she has been able to NET over $1M in sales all before age 30! She will discuss how she went from sewing in her mom\'s basement at age 16 to owning her very own design factory, 3 fashion brands & more. The ultimate goal is to focus on developing a REALISTIC plan of action that requires marketing and brand awareness! Meet her online for class Wednesday!\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Click HERE (http://thefashionpreneuracademy.com/webinar) to reserve your spot.Want to get a peak into Jessica\'s diary in real time? Follow her on social media: @Irregular_jess (https://www.instagram.com/irregular_jess/) | In Entry 3 of The Fashionpreneur Diaries, Jessica answers top Fashionpreneurship question: Should I manufacture or do wholesaling? She breaks down the pros and cons of each, while providing you with unbiased advice on which would work best for your business.Register for The Fashionpreneur Academy\'s FREE masterclass: How I made $100k in 90 days as a Designer happening this Wednesday at 5pm pacific/8pm eastern. Join her as she teaches you how she has scaled her businesses within fashion! Ads and technology are the driving forces within this industry. Join her as she shares real results and real numbers! For every $2k spent on marketing, she nets $40k. She will discuss REAL budgeting and fashion resources to grow your brand! Learn how she has been able to NET over $1M in sales all before age 30! She will discuss how she went from sewing in her mom\'s basement at age 16 to owning her very own design factory, 3 fashion brands & more. The ultimate goal is to focus on developing a REALISTIC plan of action that requires marketing and brand awareness! Meet her online for class Wednesday!\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Click HERE (http://thefashionpreneuracademy.com/webinar) to reserve your spot.Want to get a peak into Jessica\'s diary in real time? Follow her on social media: @Irregular_jess (https://www.instagram.com/irregular_jess/) | In Entry 2 of The Fashionpreneur Diaries, Jessica is joined again by her best friend Brittany aka "Gina" to discuss the personal sacrifices they had to make in order to succeed in LA.\xa0Register for The Fashionpreneur Academy\'s FREE masterclass: How I made $100k in 90 days as a Designer happening this Wednesday at 5pm pacific/8pm eastern. Join her as she teaches you how she has scaled her businesses within fashion! Ads and technology are the driving forces within this industry. Join her as she shares real results and real numbers! For every $2k spent on marketing, she nets $40k. She will discuss REAL budgeting and fashion resources to grow your brand! Learn how she has been able to NET over $1M in sales all before age 30! She will discuss how she went from sewing in her mom\'s basement at age 16 to owning her very own design factory, 3 fashion brands & more. The ultimate goal is to focus on developing a REALISTIC plan of action that requires marketing and brand awareness! Meet her online for class Wednesday!\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Click HERE (http://thefashionpreneuracademy.com/webinar) to reserve your spot.Want to get a peak into Jessica\'s diary in real time? Follow her on social media: @Irregular_jess (https://www.instagram.com/irregular_jess/) | In the inaugural episode of The Fashionpreneur Diaries, Jessica is joined by her best friend Brittany aka "Gina" to discuss her journey from a Baltimore based fashion hopeful to making $500k in 6 months in the Los Angeles Fashion district. Get your pen and paper ready, because Jessica is letting you in on all of the secrets to her success!Register for The Fashionpreneur Academy\'s FREE masterclass: How I made $100k in 90 days as a Designer happening this Wednesday at 5pm pacific/8pm eastern. Join her as she teaches you how she has scaled her businesses within fashion! Ads and technology are the driving forces within this industry. Join her as she shares real results and real numbers! For every $2k spent on marketing, she nets $40k. She will discuss REAL budgeting and fashion resources to grow your brand! Learn how she has been able to NET over $1M in sales all before age 30! She will discuss how she went from sewing in her mom\'s basement at age 16 to owning her very own design factory, 3 fashion brands & more. The ultimate goal is to focus on developing a REALISTIC plan of action that requires marketing and brand awareness! Meet her online for class Wednesday!\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Click HERE (http://thefashionpreneuracademy.com/webinar) to reserve your spot.Want to get a peak into Jessica\'s diary in real time? Follow her on social media: @Irregular_jess (https://www.instagram.com/irregular_jess/) | ', 'chan_desc': 'A weekly podcast into the diary of Jessica Williams as she carves her own lane in the fashion industry with grace, fashion, and grind. As the self-proclaimed "Master P of the Fashion Industry", Jessica has an unmatched track record of turning fashion industry hopefuls into thriving, full-time fashionpreneurs. In each episode, listeners walk away both inspired and with the resources and knowledge that aided Jessica in creating 9 streams of revenue within fashion & grossing well over $1M all before the age of 30! Each week, Jessica holds nothing back, even sharing the not so secret ingredient to her success: God. Rate, share and subscribe today!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/d5/86/12/d58612ed-98f2-6a15-11a7-6abfefb36070/mza_7341439963838656597.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-22'}}

{'Motherhood Ignited- A Podcast for Mompreneurs, Creatives, and Influencers': {'title': 'Motherhood Ignited- A Podcast for Mompreneurs, Creatives, and Influencers', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Motherhood-Ignited-A-Podcast-for-Mompreneurs%2C-Creatives%2C-and-Influencers-id2147193', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Christy Keane', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 31, 'play_count': 233, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.motherhoodignited.com'], 'ep_total': 30, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '00:55:15', 0], ['2019-09-11', '01:00:31', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:54:02', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:55:03', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:56:33', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:12:39', 0], ['2019-08-13', '01:02:57', 0], ['2019-08-08', '00:12:28', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:31:20', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:10:48', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Michelle is a world class ISSA Certified personal trainer and ISSA Certified Nutritionist (CNC) who resides in Columbus, Ohio with her husband and daughter. “Michelle’s mission is to help women break free from the lies and limitations that have been placed on them both mentally and physically. With an amazing culture, and 23 minutes of high intensity weight training, she is helping women acquire many things into their lives, one of which is time. Her belief is that health and fitness should fit around your life, not your life having to fit around health and fitness. What Michelle is known for most is her ability to connect with women in a raw, authentic way in a very filtered world. She wholeheartedly believes in her mission and shows up for a live workout everyday with her community.” In This Episode You Will Learn About: \xa0  Michelle and how she got started in fitness, lifestyle, and wellness coaching\xa0 (2:15) Why authenticity trumps all when building a business online (6:00) What it means to “Be that woman” (8:45) The importance of showing up for your business, your brand, and your community (14:05) How busy seasons of work can effect motherhood in a surprisingly good way (15:15) The power of live events for your community (26:00) Michelle’s biggest advice for balancing motherhood with business\xa0 (32:30) Rapid Fire Questions (48:00)  Resources:  The Ladies Edge Be That Woman Podcast Follow Christy on IG- www.instagram.com/christykeanecan MIP Insiders Facebook Group- https://www.facebook.com/groups/themommyinfluencerpodcast  \xa0 | Guest Bio \xa0 Married two weeks after her 19th birthday, Erin is the mother to 6 children, ages 5-13. She holds no degree. She has completed no formalized training. She doesn’t even know how to sew! And yet, she is the President and Founder of Bailey’s Blossoms, a multi-million dollar children’s e commerce clothing line, and Peyton Bre, it’s sister brand for tweens and teens.\xa0 \xa0 With a love for mentorship and coaching, she’s the creator and host of the “Conquering Chaos” podcast and is dedicated to developing a community of individuals who believe that business and motherhood (parenthood) are NOT enemies. She’s the woman who refuses to take “no” for an answer. The woman who sees opportunity where others see failure. And the woman who is determined to help EVERY (man and) woman recognize their potential and find fulfillment in leading a life of balance. \xa0 \xa0 In This Episode You Will Learn About: \xa0  Erin and her background\xa0 (1:30) How Erin started her business with no formal training or degree (6:55) Erin’s experience getting kicked off of Etsy (I did not even know this could happen) (19:00) Growing and scaling to a 7 figure business (27:45) How social media has helped to grow Bailey’s Blossoms and Erin’s SM marketing strategy (32:35) How she managers her business and life with 6 kids with NO CHILDCARE (40:00) Erin’s biggest tip for someone who has a dream of starting a business\xa0 (46:46) Rapid Fire Questions (48:00)  \xa0 Resources:  Shop Bailey’s Blossoms Follow Erin on IG- @erinehooley Conquering Chaos Podcast Follow Christy on IG- www.instagram.com/christykeanecan MIP Insiders Facebook Group- https://www.facebook.com/groups/themommyinfluencerpodcast  \xa0 | Youtuber & podcast host Meredith Marsh is one boss mama who has a passion for helping other create impact with video content.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 In This Episode You Will Learn About: \xa0  Who Meredith is and how she got started in video content creation (1:30) How to repurpose written blog content into video (5:00) How video yields connection & community (6:30) How to get started & the 3 things you need to know about YouTube (7:35) YouTube community, collaboration, and the algorithm (15:10) Meredith’s 5 Tier Filter for YouTube success (19:00) The importance in creating videos that solve a problem for others (26:00) The importance of consistency & time management on YouTube (27:20) Rapid Fire Questions (and the best gear for video) (38:00)  Resources:  Follow Meredith on Instagram - http://instagram.com/vidpromom\xa0 VidProMom Podcast - http://vidpromom.com/podcast VidProMom Blog - http://vidpromom.com VidProMom YouTube Channel - http://vidpromom.com/youtube Facebook Group - Video for Bloggers & Content Creators http://facebook.com/groups/videoforbloggers Video Pursuit Society – (waitlist) videopursuitsociety.com\xa0 Socialvideoblueprint.com - tips and layout ideas for repurposing video content so you can reach way more people without spending way more time editing videos 5-Tier Framework - vidpromom.com/framework - 5-Tier Framework for attracting new subscribers and foster an engaging community of loyal fans on YouTube Follow Christy on IG- www.instagram.com/christykeanecan MIP Insiders Facebook Group- https://www.facebook.com/groups/themommyinfluencerpodcast  | Lauren Vandiver Green is an inspiring fashion and travel blogger who calls the shots when it comes to brand deals and negotiations that work for her busy life as a mom. I was so excited to learn all about how Lauren builds relationships with brands to bring home 5 figures a MONTH in exciting partnerships.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 In This Episode You Will Learn About: \xa0  Why blogging and social media are so great for moms (2:00) Who Lauren is and how she got her start in blogging (3:28) how instagram has changed in the last 5 years in terms of the platform AND how brand collaborations work (7:30) Lauren’s process for working with brands (and her NUMBER ONE TIP for others looking to do the same) (16:30) The power of building relationships with brands for long term partnerships and success (20:30) The importance of professionalism and negotiation in your social media business (21:26) How Lauren finds brand deals (pitching vs. brands reaching out) (23:40) The evolution of an IG husband (if your husband rolls his eyes every time you ask him for a photo, then you will want to listen!) (26:00) LIKEtoKNOW.it and affiliant income (27:50) How to grow with your audience on social media (32:15) Lauren and Christy’s Disney collaboration dream (37:28) How Lauren has been able to travel and cruise the world for free (41:30) How bloggers utilize their own equipment as well as photographers for brand work (45:30) Rapid Fire Questions (49:00)  Resources:  Follow Lauren on IG\xa0 Shop Lauren’s presets Follow Christy on IG- www.instagram.com/christykeanecan MIP Insiders Facebook Group- https://www.facebook.com/groups/themommyinfluencerpodcast  | \xa0 If you are a small business or influencer then you do NOT want to miss today’s episode with Britney Verta, the mom boss behind the childrens’ boutique clothing brand Poppy Laurel. Britney and I break down the barriers between brand and influencer relationships in this raw and honest conversation! \xa0 In This Episode You Will Learn About: \xa0  Who Britney is and what it takes to start a clothing brand (2:45) The extra effort and are that goes in to running a small business (7:00) How Britney finds influencers to work with (8:45) Being “burned” by influencers in a collaboration (14:25) Professional courtesy and what to do when a brand collaboration is not working out (18:25) The importance of contracts and deadlines in a partnership (19:20) Setting up realistic expectations to set up a collaboration for success (22:00) How to respond to a brand who reaches out for work in exchange for free products (22:45) The importance of follow up (26:30) Why free product posts are essential in influencer growth when starting out (31:31) Why it is ok to say no and respectfully decline (36:43) The value of content (and how to work with brands if you don’t have followers and reach (42:40) The important takeaways from this conversation (48:30)  Resources:  Follow Poppy Laurel on Instagram Shop Poppy Laurel\xa0\xa0Use the code MIPINSIDER for 20% off! Thank you Britney for that kind offer!  \xa0 \xa0 | In today’s MIP Mini, we are continuing the conversation on pitching! Find out exactly what to include in a pitch email for brand collaborations, partnerships, and sponsorships for your instagram, blog, youtube channel, podcast etc! \xa0 Follow Christy on IG- www.instagram.com/christykeanecan \xa0 Join the MIP Insiders group on FB- https://www.facebook.com/groups/themommyinfluencerpodcast\xa0 | We are continuing our conversation on PITCHING and this episode with Miranda Tamaska is jam packed with tangible tips to convert your pitches in to yeses! In This Episode You Will Learn About:  Who Miranda is and how she started her Instagram with a goal of intentional growth (5:35) How Miranda got started with pitching brands (9:45) How she gained the confidence to pitch (14:00) If it is better to pitch via email or DM and how to find brand contacts (16:05) Miranda’s top secret tip to find brand contacts (18:30) What to include in a pitch email (19:40) Why Miranda doesn’t include a media kit or rate in a pitch email (22:56) How to continue the conversation regarding money after a brand responds (27:25) Miranda’s feelings on working for free (29:20) Miranda’s thoughts on Pitch Courses (36:15) If blog posts are still relevant for brand pitches (40:40) How to determine your rates for sponsored partnerships (42:45) Miranda’s rapid fire response questions (52:25)  Resources:  Follow Miranda on Instagram Miranda Southern Blog  \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | Basic Pitch Series Part One: How to find ANY brand contact to land your dream collaboration. In today's episode, learn tips on how to find any brand contact in order to land the brand deals you deserve! If you are interested in social media marketing, influencer marketing, blogging, and collaborations- you won't want to miss this show! | In This Episode You Will Learn About: \xa0  Who Pat Flynn is and how he built an online Smart Passive Income empire after being laid off from his dream job (2:50) How to create Smart Passive Income in your life (7:25) How Smart Passive Income allows flexibility to spend more time with your family or creating new business opportunities (9:30) Pat’s inspiration for his new book Superfans and how to create Superfans in your own personal brands and businesses (16:45) A big time inside tip from Pat Flynn on how to make a huge impact to build Superfans (20:00) How to switch your mindset to allow yourself to have “fans” (25:20) Pat’s answers to my rapid fire questions (27:00)  \xa0 Resources:  Smart Passive Income website Preorder Superfans before August 13, 2019 to receive the FREE audiobook  | I am so excited to announce that our third child and baby boy, Ronan James, was born 7/29/19 via my second VBAC (vaginal birth after cesarian) delivery! As a special bonus episode, today I am sharing his birth story! Special thank you to the labor and delivery & postpartum nurses at SPAH. Thank you to Dr. Goldstein :) Follow Christy on IG- www.instagram.com/christykeanecan MIP Insiders Facebook Group- https://www.facebook.com/groups/themommyinfluencerpodcast", 'chan_desc': 'Motherhood Ignited is a podcast for mompreneurs, creatives, and influencers who are rocking the beautiful balance between working passionately and nurturing presently. Every week, host, Christy Keane, interviews inspiring mom bosses, brands, and industry experts to bring you the knowledge tools and strategies to grow your influence & business through PURPOSEFUL online content creation.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/cb/6c/a9/cb6ca909-14d6-2623-74ae-7cbf69a6f6ea/mza_1727447256460715888.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-05-27'}}

{'She Did It Her Way': {'title': 'She Did It Her Way', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/She-Did-It-Her-Way-id2131332', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Amanda Boleyn', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2395, 'play_count': 33947, 'ch_feed-socials': [], 'ep_total': 356, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:10:35', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:48:45', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:18:16', 2], ['2019-09-09', '00:56:52', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:15:42', 1], ['2019-08-26', '01:03:28', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:17:11', 1], ['2019-08-12', '00:58:33', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:33:15', 1], ['2019-07-29', '00:45:45', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'The question you might still be asking yourself, "When is the right time to quit?" So in this solocast let\'s dive into finally taking the leap and leaving your 9-5!In this episode, you will...Learn that timing is important but it\'s not everythingHow to move forward from your current situationDiscover the emotions and mindset when taking the leapLearn about taking calculative riskKnow that it\'s okay to feel uncomfortableFind out if there\'s a right time to quit your 9-5Insights:"Something to keep in mind is showing up the way you\'d want someone who would be leaving your business (and it will happen someday in the future) would show up.""Unpack your current circumstances and understand the best-case scenario for you to be as confident as possible to make your leap. " | Nicole started the national conversation about women taking control of their money with the launch of instant New York Times bestseller Rich Bitch in 2015. Two years later she followed with Boss Bitch, a sassy and actionable guide empowering women to be the boss of their own lives and careers. Today, she is here to talk to us about her journey, her struggles before launching her first book and so much more!In this episode you will...Get to know more about Nicole LapinHear how she moved from being an anchor to a businesswomanFind out why she wrote a finance bookDiscover why it is important to learn financial freedomLearn why balance is importantGet tips to avoid burnoutsGet insights on how to be more focusedLearn about digital-detoxFind out what having it all should meanInsights:Work smarter, not harder!I was super laser-focused on exactly who my audience is and exactly who she is, I know who she is, she\'s you, she\'s me! And the way I spoke to her is not for everybody.The idea of this, we\'re constantly told that we can\'t have all the things. No, you can\'t have all the things if you are comparing yourself to everybody else. But again, if you decide what "having it all" means and you hold yourself to that, you absolutely going to have it all. But the problem is we don\'t define what "having it all means" to us and we\'re constantly changing the bar ourselves. | Hello friends! Welcome another solocast episode with me. I am so excited to do today\'s episode because we will talk about how to get yourself into action! And yes even if you don\'t feel like doing it!In this episode you willGet to identify the questions you need to ask when doing somethingLearn to identify your resistanceFind out how to avoid procrastinationUnderstand how your emotions lead to your actionsLearn about ways to avoid stallingInsights:"For all of the most important things, the timing always sucks. Waiting for a good time to quit your job? The stars will never align and the traffic lights of life will never all be green at the same time."“Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.” ~William B. Sprague | Our guest Debra Silvermann is part astrologer, part psychotherapist, part comedian, and ALL REAL. In practice for over 40 years, Debra has helped people turn on their inner observer to see themselves objectively. She uses astrology and her own system; The 4 Elements, as tools to empower people.Debra’s mothering approach to understanding people has earned her international fame and admiration. She has written a book, magazine columns, hosted a radio show & has a YouTube channel with over 7 million views. Debra is an expert in embracing the feminine. Her dream is to revolutionize therapy by teaching therapists how to provide custom treatment to their clients.\xa0In this episode you will...Learn about astrologyHow feminine energy can help in businessDiscover how Debra combined clinical psychology and astrology on her practiceHow does spirituality relate to businessWhat is the basis of astrologyFind out why millennials are into astrologyInsights:"Astrology - some people think it\'s insane. And I think that is insane.""I love doing podcasts because it\'s engaged in the reality that you as the producer or the person speaking goes "wooh", it explains everything and it\'s so liberating.""If you wanna manifest, do your prayers. There are invisible factors. If you want to make success occur, do your prayers." | Today\'s podcast is to help you do a quick check before you do something that you can\'t go back from, which I\'ll share why. It may also lend some insight as to why you may want to stay longer. So hear me out...In this episode you will...Understand why you should not leave your job  yet when making the leapLearn about the reasons why you should have a bridge jobBecome more disciplined with your timeFind out how to be more focusedBe more efficient with your time and ENERGYInsights:"The flip side is, if you quit your job, with no income coming and haven\'t validated your business is that you\'ll find yourself in a space of split energy, other distractions will creep in and you could potentially find yourself in a vulnerable state, mentally.""Use your full-time job as a tool, use the constraint to make you more focused, productive. Use it to help fund your business as you grow it. Use it as a way to simulate what it will be like when you\'re on your own.\xa0""Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change." | She is known for her no-BS style and creating insanely highly converting webinars, funnels, and launches for herself and clients using cutting edge, innovative strategies that no one else is teaching.\xa0Forget everything you think you know about selling courses online. You’re about to learn fresh-squeezed strategies for making more money teaching what you love in today\'s episode with Mariah Coz!In this episode you will...Learn how Mariah started her online coursesDiscover the idea behind the Mariah Coz brandHear about the behind-the-scene in launching an online courseFind out how progressive education influenced her to pursue what she does todayHear about her interest and passion in sustainabilityFind out how she infused her passion and incorporate it to her businessGet to know the importance of creating an evergreen funnelWhy is it important to have due dates on your coursesInsights:"It\'s fun to get advice but make sure you figure out your own path.""Do the best for the most with the least" - Eames.\xa0"Launching is a dialouge." | Organic and free visibility rely on the relevancy of the content that you offer, to achieve wider and organic visibility you need to ask the right questions. Are you intentional and smart? Why do you want visibility? What do you want to gain from the visibility? These are just a few questions you can ask before starting your efforts to increase your visibility. If you are guided by the right answers to these questions and not just doing for the sake of doing, you will be able to deliver great content and results that your audience can relate to.In this episode you willLearn how to gain organic and free visibilityWhy is it important to be visibleDecide the best way to gain visibilityFind out the benefits of being strategicKnow your audience and competitorsLearn about the different ways to be visibleHow to get in front of your audience or followersKnow about the ways to get your followers to get engaged | Today, they are here to share where they are in their business and why they changed their business name from Think Creative Collective to Boss Project and so much more!In this episode, you will...Hear how Abagail & Emylee metDiscover the idea behind creating their businessLearn why they change their business nameWhat inspired the Boss ProjectHear about the challenges they encounteredHow to figure out the right people to bring into your businessDecide if you need to separate personal to your business identityMake social media work for your business | In today\'s solocast, I am excited to share the right habits for success. Habits are the compound interest of self-improvement that\'s why overnight successes are the exception and not the rule. Success takes time and you need to be patient.In this episode, you will...Learn how your habits can shape your successWhy success is not an overnight processHow to build better habitsThe impact of habits in our daily livesHow to identify which habits you need to stick toLearn why you need to trust the process and the system that you put in placeHow to get into the habit of the two-minute ruleInsights:"Your outcomes and where you\'re at in life, are a lagging measure of your habits.""We often expect progress to be linear.""If you find yourself getting distracted by reality TV, cut the cord, cancel your subscription. Make it impossible or difficult for you to watch it." | Wine in a can. Why not? Delivered to your doorstep. Even better! Our guest created her business to bring wine-lovers together, making drinking wine simple and to focus towards the experience, the connections  and memories that are made when sharing a glass (or in this case, a can) of wine.Our guest today is the CEO and co-founder of WineSociety, a Napa made premium canned wine company that launched in 2018, Angela Allison. Angela’s mission through WineSociety is to share a taste of Napa Valley with wine lovers (both new and experienced) across the country! With a key prominently displayed on all its packaging, this welcoming society gives you the key to enjoying great wine anytime, anywhere. WineSociety’s signature "Instagram-worthy" 500ml cans of premium red (TEMPT), white (FATE) and rosé (CHANCE) can be found in National retailers including Kroger, BevMo, and Albertsons as well as on winesociety.com.WineSociety is a premium canned wine company that is on a mission to change the way Americans purchase and consume wine. WineSociety is simplifying the process of making wine accessible, convenient and affordable to everyone.In this episode you will...How WineSociety came aboutHow Angela transitioned to entrepreneurshipFind out the reason behind wine-in-a-canDiscover how she brought her idea to the worldGet to know the timeline from "idea" to "actual business"Learn about the work that goes in a product-based businessHear about "Angel investor"Insights:"The other thing that sets us apart from a lot of the other wine brands is that we focus mainly more on the lifestyle aspect.""We believe that wine is meant for you plus your lifestyle. There\'s no wrong way to enjoy your wine.""It\'s better to be the one that smiled than the one who didn\'t smile back."', 'chan_desc': 'Welcome to the She Did It Her Way Podcast where we dive into all of your most important questions about starting a business and when to make the leap of going full-time as an entrepreneur. Every week, host, Amanda Boleyn delivers fresh content on productivity hacks, different business strategies, how to confidently transition out of your 9-5 and become a full-time business owner. Along with sharing her business savvy tips, she interviews women who have also gone out and done it their way (Amy Porterfield, Jenna Kutcher, Julie Solomon, Lori Harder and many more). \n\nWith millions of downloads and growing every day, She Did It Her Way continues to inspire women all across the world to take massive action on their business idea and create freedom in their life. Now it is YOUR turn to start doing it YOUR way!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/8e/fb/48/8efb4887-55e4-54a2-6bf1-8cd3c0363534/mza_8632777952871342041.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-02'}}

{'The Tech.MN Podcast': {'title': 'The Tech.MN Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Tech.MN-Podcast-id2381604', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Kevin McArdle and Jac Stark', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 1, 'play_count': 2, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://techmn.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:45:15', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:31:09', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:35:47', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:46:30', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:58:30', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:30:42', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'On Episode 5 Kevin McArdle, owner of SureSwift Capital and Jac Stark, community manager of Tech.MN welcome Casey Schultz and Reed Robinson on The Tech.MN Podcast to talk about the importance of Zoom skills and also the most anticipated #MNtech event of the year.\xa0 \xa0 We get into the history of BETA and the birth and evolution of Twin Cities Startup Week. Casey shares what to expect for this year’s celebration including new community hubs in downtown Minneapolis and St. Paul and centralized event tracks.\xa0 \xa0 We get into why Twin Cities Startup Week exists, how partnerships are expanding between the community and local corporations, and some of the cool events to check out during the week. We discuss the direction of Twin Cities Startup Week in the future. The phrase ‘A South by Southwest with Substance’ may or may not have been thrown around. Listen to find out! \xa0 Hype Time Every episode we ask our guest to name drop someone doing cool things in the tech community. Casey gives a shout out to Caroline Karanja of 26 Letters and Hack the Gap and Reed hypes Clarence Bethea of Upsie.\xa0 \xa0 Sponsor: Thank you to Redpath and Company CPAs. Redpath and Company is geared to best serve established or growing privately-held tech companies and their stakeholders.\xa0 Visit www.RedpathCPAs.com and find out how you can get your business to the next level. \xa0 Socials Tech.MN on Twitter Kevin McArdle on Twitter Jac Stark on Twitter Twin Cities Startup Week on Twitter BETA on Twitter Casey Shultz on Twitter Reed Robinson on Twitter \xa0 Links: Twin Cities Startup Week - Learn more and find the schedule for Twin Cities Startup Week | On Episode 4, Kevin McArdle, owner of SureSwift Capital and Jac Stark, community manager of Tech.MN, welcome Neela Mollgaard, Executive Director of Launch MN, to The Tech.MN Podcast hotseat to chat about Launch MN and connecting Minnesota’s Innovation Ecosystem.\xa0 We discuss the mission of Launch MN is to help innovation take off in Minnesota, bringing people together to affect change, her experience with Redwing Ignite and reaching outside of our bubble to make our community better (#wearestrongertogether).\xa0 Neela explains Launch MN’s goal to provide opportunity, access, and exposure to companies and ecosystem builders, gives a tentative timeline of what is to come, and chats about some possible grants that they are considering. Launch MN will debut their website on October 1, 2019.\xa0 Hype Time Every episode we ask our guest to name drop someone doing cool things in the tech community. Neela gives a shout out to three entrepreneurs: Susan Langer of Live, Give, Save\xa0 Beth Fynbo of Busy Baby Michael Lopez of Halo Ramp\xa0 Sponsor: Thank you to Redpath and Company CPAs. Redpath and Company is geared to best serve established or growing privately-held tech companies and their stakeholders.\xa0 Visit www.RedpathCPAs.com and find out how you can get your business to the next level.\xa0 Socials Tech.MN on Twitter Kevin McArdle on Twitter Jac Stark on Twitter Neela Mollgaard on Twitter Launch MN on Twitter Links: Redwing Ignite - Neela discusses the lessons she learned as executive director of Redwing Ignite. | On Episode 3 Kevin McArdle, owner of SureSwift Capital and Jac Stark, community manager of Tech.MN welcome Sangam Napit, UX researcher at US Bank, on The Tech.MN Podcast to talk about thinking #sangamstyle. \xa0 We discuss the single question Sangam gets paid to answer as a UX Researcher at U.S.Bank, being a mentor at Gener8tor, and the balance of fear of failure and continually growing as a person and professional. \xa0 Sangam shares the story of writing his book (that’s right, our first published author!), The Experience Manifesto, and the alternative to the passion theory in looking for opportunities, embracing failure, and capitalizing on experiences. \xa0 Hype Time Every episode we ask our guest to name drop someone doing cool things in the tech community. Sangam gives a shout out to Ryan Broshar of Matchstick Ventures. They just announced some big news. Find it on Tech.MN here: tech.mn/v08ty \xa0 Sponsor: Thank you to Redpath and Company CPAs. Redpath and Company is geared to best serve established or growing privately-held tech companies and their stakeholders.\xa0 Visit www.RedpathCPAs.com and find out how you can get your business to the next level. \xa0 Socials Tech.MN on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TECHdotMN Kevin McArdle on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Kevin_McArdle Jac Stark on Twitter: https://twitter.com/minneapplejac \xa0 Links: Sangam’s Website |\xa0 https://sangamnapit.com/ Gener8tor | We discuss Mentorship at gener8tor - https://www.gener8tor.com/ Zero to One | Book that Sangam References - https://amzn.to/2n8l7oY 100 Days without Fear (Michelle Poler) | One of the people Sangam interviewed for his book - http://100dayswithoutfear.com/ The Experience Manifesto | Find Sangam’s Book here and leave a review - https://amzn.to/2lzcq6U | On Episode 2 Kevin McArdle, owner of SureSwift Capital and Jac Stark, community manager of Tech.MN welcome Amanda Heyman on The Tech.MN Podcast to talk spreadsheets, and other startup things.\xa0 \xa0 We discuss the holistic experience that is Lunar Startups, Lunar Services, and Lunar Everywhere and dive into how they support women and people of color in startups. Amanda shares her story of starting the world’s first live fantasy soccer platform, burnout, and balancing her time as a founder, community builder, lawyer, and parent (#protecttheasset). \xa0 We preview Lunar Startups Undemo Day coming up on Monday, September 30th at Palace Theater. Get your tickets here:  https://dojour.us/e/11993-lunar-startups-cohort-1-undemo-day \xa0 Hype Time Every episode we ask our guest to name drop someone doing cool things in the tech community. Amanda gives a shout out to Dario Otero of Youth Lens 360.\xa0 Dario are you listening? We want to interview on the podcast! \xa0 Sponsor: Thank you to Redpath and Company CPAs. Redpath and Company is geared to best serve established or growing privately-held tech companies and their stakeholders.\xa0 Visit www.RedpathCPAs.com and find out how you can get your business to the next level. \xa0 Socials Tech.MN on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TECHdotMN Kevin McArdle on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Kevin_McArdle Jac Stark on Twitter: https://twitter.com/minneapplejac Amanda Heyman on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AmandaHeyman Lunar Startups on Twitter: https://twitter.com/LunarStartups \xa0 Links: Osborne 370 | We chat about Osborne 370 as a new hub for MN Startups - https://osborn370.com/ Lunar Startups | Amanda is the Director of Lunar Services at Lunar Startups - https://www.lunarstartups.org/ Lunar Startups Professional Network | If interested in joining this network reach out here -\xa0 https://www.lunarstartups.org/contact Take 12 | One of the startups presenting at Undemo Day - https://mytake12.com/ 26 Letters | Another startup presenting at Undemo Day - http://www.26letters.co/ | On Episode 1 Kevin McArdle, owner of SureSwift Capital and Jac Stark, community manager of Tech.MN welcome Casey Allen on The Tech.MN Podcast to answer the question we’ve all been wondering –\xa0How does he make money?\xa0 \xa0 We got more than we bargained for. For us, it is fitting to have Casey on the inaugural episode of The Tech.MN Podcast because when it comes to starting things up he is the OG. Casey dishes on his role in investing in and advising (very) early-stage startups, embracing failure in the midwest, launching an angel investor bootcamp, and even gets personal about the birth of his daughter.\xa0 \xa0 We dive into why Minnesota needs to celebrate what we are good at (Hint: It’s enterprise tech)\xa0 and the emergence of Casey’s Enterprise Rising Conference.\xa0 \xa0 *Bonus* Casey discloses his fantasy dream list for a Techstars program. Any guesses? \xa0 Hype Time Every episode we ask our guest to name drop someone doing cool things in the tech community. Casey gives a shout out to Thompson Aderinkomi of Nice Healthcare. *Spoiler Alert* we’ve got Thompson on the podcast this season.\xa0 \xa0 Sponsor: Thank you to Redpath and Company CPAs. Redpath and Company is geared to best serve established or growing privately-held tech companies and their stakeholders.\xa0 Visit www.RedpathCPAs.com and find out how you can get your business to the next level. \xa0 Socials Tech.MN on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TECHdotMN Kevin McArdle on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Kevin_McArdle Jac Stark on Twitter: https://twitter.com/minneapplejac Casey Allen on Twitter: https://twitter.com/casey__allen?lang=en \xa0 Links: Mpls on Deck - Casey is no stranger to recording a podcast. Binge his own podcast (currently on hiatus). \xa0 Enterprise Rising - Casey’s annual conference. The place to be for enterprise SaaS startups. All startups. All enterprise. All tech. All Midwest.  SEED MN - A bootcamp for angel investors. Very cool. Very exclusive. \xa0  Techstars - We talk about how accelerators like Techstars are a magnet for outside investors and startups.  Branch - Casey spotlights Branch as one of the fastest growing startups in Minnesota. | ', 'chan_desc': 'This is a podcast for tech in Minnesota. Kevin McArdle and Jac Stark set out to tell the stories of the individuals that make up the Minnesota Tech Community.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/7d/e9/07/7de907e5-5197-514a-3ae8-1d76fa58090d/mza_5093814018880822037.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-19'}}

{'All In Entrepreneurs Podcast': {'title': 'All In Entrepreneurs Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/All-In-Entrepreneurs-Podcast-id2094337', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'ALL IN ENTREPRENEURS', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 156, 'play_count': 985, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://allinwholesaling.com/'], 'ep_total': 27, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '01:40:59', 0], ['2019-09-26', '01:11:40', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:51:31', 0], ['2019-09-12', '01:11:44', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:50:45', 0], ['2019-08-29', '01:36:16', 0], ['2019-08-22', '01:02:45', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:53:37', 0], ['2019-08-08', '01:09:19', 0], ['2019-07-31', '01:40:24', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastIf you are unmotivated and uninspired to make it in this industry, you HAVE to listen to this! From taking Uber rides to appointments to almost selling his apartment refrigerator just to make his dreams into reality! Listen to the amazing story of Keith Everett and how he made it from nothing to becoming a 7 figure earner!\xa0Best Course To Learn How To Wholesale!https://learntowholesale.com/Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenzhttps://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastFor such a simple subject, this has to be our best podcast yet! Don't believe us, take a listen and if you enjoyed it, please remember to rate our podcast after this episode! It truly means a lot to us and the All In Family! Thank you!Best Course To Learn How To Wholesale!https://learntowholesale.com/Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenzhttps://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastIn this episode, we will not only teach you're how to properly close your deal as fast as possible but with a larger spread! Not only will we talk about this BUT bring in some Case Studies to show how we found Cash Buyers Fast!Best Course To Learn How To Wholesale!https://learntowholesale.com/Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenzhttps://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastYou're now getting 2-3 deals a month, maybe even a bit more! BUT reaching 100k or more a month seems like it's so far away! Today, we’ll be talking about why this could be happening and what power moves you can start doing TODAY to get you to 6 Figures a Month!!Best Course To Learn How To Wholesale!https://learntowholesale.com/Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenzhttps://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastWhat is your biggest asset? Is it your house? Your Business? Or your yourself? That's right, YOU are your biggest asset! In this episode, \xa0we will talk about why that is and what you can do to keep your most important asset, healthy, energized and ready to accomplish any goals you have for the rest of this year!Best Course To Learn How To Wholesale!http://learntowholesale.com/Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenzhttps://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastThe goal is always to close the deal, but what is holding you back? In this episode, Arian Salgado and Any Garcia talk about the most common objections that can kill your chances of closing your deal!Best Course To Learn How To Wholesale!https://learntowholesale.com/Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenzhttps://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastIf your goal is to go from 3-5 deals a month to 20-30 or more deals a month! You cannot do it alone... in this episode, we talk about everything it takes to go into a 1 man show to a 7 figure operation!Best Course To Learn How To Wholesale!https://learntowholesale.com/Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenzhttps://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastAlex, Sal, and Carlos give advise and answer questions through a FB live. Maybe a question you've had for a while will come up? If you ever would like to ask any question that didn't come up in this episode, follow us on our Facebook Page at All In Entrepreneurs! We go LIVE every Wednesday at 12pm MST!Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.\xa0#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenz\xa0https://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Learn to scale your business at All In Momentum!http://attendmomentum.com/podcastCarlos and Sal talk about the benefits and downsides to having a partner in a business. They also talk about what they wish they knew, what they could have done differently and the blessings that come with a finding the best partner for you and the business.Live Every Wednesday | FB page:https://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/?tn-str=k*FPodcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.\xa0#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenz\xa0https://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/ | Best Course To Learn How To Wholesale!https://learntowholesale.com/So many of us struggle to talk to sellers in the first stages of starting our wholesaling business but only 5% actually take action. Yes, we can take action and learn from our mistakes but what if you can cut through that learning curve and learn from those who have done it day in and day out? Learn from 2 of the best acquisition guys who have gone through it all!Podcast for entrepreneurs by entrepreneurs.\xa0#Podcast #ALLIN #RealEstateALL IN EVENTSSCALE YOUR BUSINESShttps://allinflipping.com/----------FOLLOW US----------Join our FB Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/302418417250210/ALL INhttps://www.facebook.com/Allinnation/https://www.instagram.com/allinnation/Carlos Reyeshttps://www.instagram.com/officialcarlosreyes/https://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarlosReyes/Sal Shakirhttps://www.instagram.com/salshakir/https://www.facebook.com/Sal-Shakir-383670532063459/Alex Saenz\xa0https://www.instagram.com/alexsaenz/https://www.facebook.com/officialalexsaenz/Sponsored \xa0By:https://leadblastpro.com/https://turboletters.com/https://www.needtoskip.com/https://magnusdigital.com/", 'chan_desc': "We are an entrepreneurial podcast that specialized in real estate investing. But we don't stop there!We talk about where we started, the hurdles we faced and how we made it as self-made millionaires in a short period of time!If you think being a refugee/immigrant or being young is stopping you from being successful, listen to our stories and you'll see you can do it too!God. Family. HUSTLE! Are you All In?", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/43/d3/ae/43d3ae3d-d074-c846-f609-58eca1b0c23f/mza_2079898554885486177.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-04-12'}}

{'Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs from The Mind Aware': {'title': 'Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs from The Mind Aware', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Positive-Mindset-for-Entrepreneurs-from-The-Mind-Aware-id10822', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Positive Thinking Mindset and Motivation Expert Dana Wilde', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 807, 'play_count': 12944, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://themindaware.libsyn.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 441, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:10:31', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:23:17', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:10:20', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:12:54', 1], ['2019-09-19', '00:10:49', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:09:56', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:09:53', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:10:12', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:09:52', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:09:44', 2]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About: What If You Hate Marketing?\xa0\xa0 A listener writes in, “I hate marketing. I really hate marketing. How am I going to monetize? Can you help?”\xa0 Dana helps this listener with a mindset shift!\xa0\xa0 The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 01.46 - Find out how to become the CELEBRITY in your market 02.09 - Step #1 to Becoming an Influencer: Speak your TRUTH in a way that\'s comfortable for you 03.20 - Step #2 to Becoming an Influencer: Give your BEST stuff away 04.04 - Step #3 to Becoming an Influencer: Let people know there are OPPORTUNITIES to work with you more closely 05.46 - Learn about how people will pay more after hearing your FREE information Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com\xa0 | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show Special Guest: \xa0Kim Wende, Horse Competition Mentor What This Show is About: Why Your Mantras Aren\'t Working. Dana is joined by special guest, Professional Horse Trainer, Kim Wende.\xa0 Kim can’t get her mantras for getting more clients to work. What is she doing wrong? Listen in as Dana helps this longtime brain trainer with a mindset shift!\xa0\xa0 The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 02.26 - Defining MANTRAS 03.15 - Why mantras are so IMPORTANT 04.20 - Mistake #1 for Reciting Mantras - Taking assessment too SOON 05.42 - Mistake #2 for Reciting Mantras - Saying the mantra to get the OUTCOME 07.05 - Reciting Mantras Advice #1 - Looking for the EMOTIONAL shift 10.53 - Reciting Mantras Advice #2 - Look at the EVIDENCE that supports it and What\'s going RIGHT in your business right now 14.16 - Understanding OUTCOME-focused mantras and getting into emotional MOMENTUM 18.02 - Listen in to find out what we are really doing when it comes to BRAIN TRAINING 18.55 - Learn more about Kim Wende 19.56 - Focus on your EMOTIONAL environment and momentum Where to Learn More: Learn more about Kim Wende here: https://passionatehorsemanship.com/\xa0\xa0 Or check out her Facebook Page here: https://www.facebook.com/PassionateHorsemanship/ http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com\xa0 | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About:\xa0 Ending the Comparison Game Are You Ready to Stop the Comparison Game?\xa0 Do you catch yourself looking around and feeling small?\xa0 If so, then this episode is for you! Dana shares an exercise that will help you to see that you are unique and that no one can deliver your message except YOU.\xa0\xa0 The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 01.27 - Find out why it\'s an INSIDE job when you\'re comparing yourself to others 02.15 - Learn about a practical EXERCISE you can do to end that comparison game 06.18 - Find out how you STAND OUT when a lot of people are saying much of the same information 07.12 - Tune in here to find out what happens when you change your PERSPECTIVE about others Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com\xa0 | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About:\xa0 She Wants Consistency in her Income.\xa0\xa0 This Law of Attraction Coach writes in and says, “I’m trying so many marketing ideas and no matter what I do, my sales are up and down.\xa0 How can I get consistency in my business?” Dana helps this listener with a mindset shift!\xa0\xa0 The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 02.02 - It\'s all about CONSISTENCY in your thoughts, NOT actions 03.15 - Learn about what step one is to consistency in your THOUGHTS 03.55 - Find out the easiest way to SHIFT how you are feeling 04.31 - Learn about how you can achieve an outside picture of CONSISTENT income 04.54 - *Dana Positive Rant* on being more HOPEFUL when it comes to consistent income 07.00 - Learn how to start to have an INSIDE feeling of consistency with your income (*Dana Positive Rant* happens at 07.35) 08.25 - VISUALIZATION exercise to help you focus on your inside feeling of consistency in your income Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com\xa0 | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About: \xa0 Five Daily Mindset Habits for Success.\xa0\xa0 Dana lists her top five daily habits and all of them are under three minutes to do!\xa0 Being happy doesn’t have to be hard. When you’re happy, you get better results! Listen in to hear how Dana trains her brain every day!\xa0\xa0 The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 00.36 - 1st Daily Habit: Start your thinking with the idea that mindset is PRIMARY for you FIRST thing in the morning 02.09 - 2nd Daily Habit: Set your INTENTIONS for each situation that presents itself throughout the day 03.25 - 3rd Daily Habit: Stay AWARE of your thoughts and feelings as often as you can 04.46 - 4th Daily Habit: Give yourself a BREAK 05.48 - 5th Daily Habit: Be MINDFUL of what\'s entering your mind at night time (just before bed) 07.56 - Be more of a PARTICIPANT in your own life Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com\xa0 | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About: Can You Drink Tequila and Be an Influencer? Can You Drink Tequila and Be an Influencer?\xa0 Can you have so-called “bad habits” be visible with confidence in your online business?\xa0 Dana addresses drinking, smoking, and stepping into your celebrity! The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 01.55 - Our EXPECTATIONS of those people who are influential and experts in their market 02.56 - There is a SHIFT happening in our culture, find out more 03.38 - Learn more about how the feeling of needing to fix/change yourself is not only FEAR-based but JUDGMENT-based as well 04.52 - How to become more FULLY you 05.20 - Find out what the path to SUCCESS looks like (mini *Positive Rant* starts at 5.54) Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0  http://www.danawilde.com | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About: Not Enough Time to Get Things Done?\xa0\xa0\xa0 Dana busts the “lack of time” myth once and for all!\xa0 Why is mindset more important than action?\xa0 Don’t you HAVE to take action to build a business and doesn’t that take TIME?\xa0 Listen in to shift limiting beliefs about having enough time to build a following. The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 01.24 - Learn about INTENTIONAL ACTION 01.53 - Working your business in the POCKETS of time that you do have available 02.31 - Find out WHEN really good ideas that will make you money come to you 03.57 - What happens when you spend 1-3 minutes a day VISUALIZING your future 05.15 - POSITIVE RANT on having time to build your business 06.25 - Find out WHEN is the TIME to take action in your business Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com\xa0 | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About: Having More Confidence as an Influencer How do you feel more confident in putting yourself “out there?”\xa0 Dana gives you three business tips on how to start NOW.\xa0\xa0 The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 01.06 - Idea #1 to Help You With Your Confidence: Make a Case for Yourself (Remind Yourself of How AWESOME you are!) 03.00 - Idea #2 to Help You With Your Confidence: Write Down Why You are QUALIFIED to do what you do or teach what you teach 04.29 - Idea #3 to Help You With Your Confidence: Brain TRAINING 05.35 - POSITIVE Rant for Confidence Building 07.47 - Find out how to be a PROACTIVE thinker in your own head Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About: \xa0Show Up as the REAL You Are you sick of hearing the experts tell you how you “should” be if you want to be successful? In this episode, Dana talks about showing up as the REAL you.\xa0\xa0 The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 00.42 - Find out what Dana learned about YOUTUBE video format 02.24 - Learn about how her YouTube experience played out on INSTAGRAM 03.39 - Waking up to what you KNOW builds your business 04.16 - Do what YOU know and NOT what everyone is telling you to do (Positive rant on feeling good starts at 04.21) 05.50 - Find out what version of you people WANT Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com\xa0 | Who:\xa0 Dana Wilde - Bestselling Author of Train Your Brain, Creator of The Celebrity Formula, and Host of The Mind Aware Show What This Show is About:\xa0 Have you been told: “feel the fear and do it anyway?”\xa0 Dana is BUSTING that MYTH in this episode!\xa0\xa0 The Mind Aware Show is Positive Mindset for Entrepreneurs.\xa0 Dana Wilde, the #1 bestselling author of Train Your Brain, delivers motivation, marketing ideas, and business tips designed to breakthrough your limiting beliefs, and manifest freedom and success in your business.\xa0 Dana Wilde goes beyond positive thinking and the Law of Attraction. This show is the ultimate in Entrepreneur Mindset. Click here to ask Dana:\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com/askdana.\xa0 Please check out our episode notes below… 00.45 - A Train Your Brain U member\'s FEAR of leaving a day job and leaving that income 02.22 - How to determine WHEN to leave a day job 03.07 - The concept that you need to do action (or something new) BEFORE you\'re ready 03.34 - Learn about the choices you have when it comes to this idea of feeling the FEAR of something 05.28 - More on why the idea to "feel the fear and do it anyways" is NOT in your best interest 05.43 - Shifting your emotions into EXCITEMENT and follow your JOY Where to Learn More: \xa0\xa0 http://www.danaclass.com\xa0 http://www.danawilde.com\xa0', 'chan_desc': 'The Mind Aware Show is the podcast  for go-getters, achievers, and entrepreneurs who are continually maximizing their lives.On the show, host Dana Wilde, interviews today’s top self-help leaders about how to intentionally and systematically change your mindset so you get better outcomes. Dana’s philosophy can be summarized like this:  When you feel good … when you’re happy … you have a better life.  You make better decisions.  You FEEL like working.  You FEEL like engaging.  You make better connections.  You are putting the best YOU forward.  When you feel good, then success in all areas of your life is easier to achieve.  Feel good.  Act great. Dana is the bestselling author of Train Your Brain and was featured in the movie, The Abundance Factor with T.Harv Eker, John Assaraf, Bob Proctor, Vishen Lakhiani, Dr. Bruce Lipton,  Jairek Robbins (Tony Robbin’s Son), and more.She has interviewed Jack Canfield, Dee Wallace, Joe Vitale, Dr. Daniel Amen, Sean Stephenson, Mari Smith, Lynne McTaggart, Shawn Achor, Bob Burg, Ryan Lee, John Lee Dumas, Lewis Howes,  Janet Attwood, Dr. Paul Scheele, and HUNDREDS of others.How do successful people think?  Find out in short, no-fluff interviews on The Mind Aware Show.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/78/35/62/7835622d-9741-6b23-3073-85757fd9bd9a/mza_9115242854852955982.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-12-17'}}

{'UNSTOPPABLE with Kerwin Rae': {'title': 'UNSTOPPABLE with Kerwin Rae', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/UNSTOPPABLE-with-Kerwin-Rae-id1412150', 'num_comments': 7, 'author': 'Kerwin Rae', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1833, 'play_count': 32242, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://kerwinrae.com'], 'ep_total': 61, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-29', '01:03:45', 1], ['2019-09-22', '01:02:20', 0], ['2019-09-15', '01:01:19', 0], ['2019-09-08', '00:34:14', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:51:44', 1], ['2019-08-25', '00:57:49', 3], ['2019-08-18', '00:50:46', 0], ['2019-08-11', '00:45:19', 3], ['2019-08-04', '00:47:23', 0], ['2019-07-28', '00:43:37', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': "Fear is very practical, as long as you don’t let it hold you back. Fear is an opportunity if you have the right perspective. And fear is what allowed this week’s guest Nadine Champion, a martial artist of over 30 years, develop the courage she needed to fight when all odds were stacked against her. If you’re not living the life you want, if something is holding you back, this is one episode you do not want to miss. Find out how you too can experience appreciation for fear and find just 10 Seconds of Courage to actually live up to your fullest potential in life.   Timestamps: 3:38 - Psychology of discipline found in martial arts 14:33 - The hardest fight of her life 28:31 - You can’t be courageous if you’re not afraid 34:17 - Understanding and overcoming fear 43:13 - You just need 10 seconds of courage 53:54 - Legacy and death | Do you lack motivation? Do you lack discipline? Have you lost a thirst for life? And are you looking for higher energy to do the things you love? Then maybe you need to challenge yourself and what better way to kickstart the change you want with this week’s ep of Unstoppable? Dave “POW” Tabain, founder of the 30 Day Challenge in Australia in the gym industry, comes on to teach me how he transforms his clients’ physical and mental health in just 30 days! We talk all about accountability, psychology, lifestyle, nutrition and the right movements. So if you’ve been holding back on living your best life, this is the sign you need to STOP making excuses and just get started.  Timestamps: 9:08 - How you can make ‘healthy’ a way of life 16:39 - The importance of doing what you love 28:51 - Setting up your nutrition for success 34:37 - The psychology you need to get fit 39:33 - Busting fitness myths! 51:36 - Without challenge, there is no change | The ONLY thing that’s holding you back right now is your mindset. Rosie Acosta, international yoga and meditation teacher, and founder of Radically Loved: Yoga, Health + Wellness, was able to break out of her “you’ll never succeed” story she had been programmed with through the help of Yoga Philosophy and Practice that propelled her into her fullest potential. Find out more about how she went from charged with attempted GTA and suffering from panic attacks and depression, to now travelling and teaching around the world, passionate and happy pursuing her purpose in this week’s newest Unstoppable ep. Timestamps: 2:39 - How yoga transformed Rosie’s panic attacks, depression and obesity 13:01 - Yoga philosophy and the impact it could have on you 24:28 - Are you happy doing what you’re doing? 37:24 - Burning out and self-care 47:02 - The best advice you’ll ever receive  #Yoga #Meditation #RadicallyLoved #Burnout #Selfcare #Business #Mindset | I always like to say that when you find the reason for your existence, you'll be able to access unheard levels of energy, motivation and happiness.  Lorena Gaxiola’s journey is exactly that - she knew her purpose in life and actually followed it no matter who stood against her. Find out how she now is able to manage over $1 billion in real estate value while still being a conscious and present mother. And listen to us talk all about spirituality, clairvoyance, feng shui and more!   Timestamps: 2:53 - Born to be an architect 8:37 - The foundation of her motivation 11:37 - The transitional lessons from technician to entrepreneur 19:00 - What in the world is “feng shui”?! 27:53 - The shift every parent has | Grant motherf**king Cardone needs no introduction...but if you think you know him, think again. This episode will reveal the multi-layered soul that is Cardone and show you a side of him you’ve probably never seen. Get ready to hear all about Grant’s poverty mindset, his addiction experience, failure, living frugally as a millionaire, Warren Buffet, failure, religion, superheroes, failure, and more failure! This is not one to miss. #business #Unstoppable #GrantCardone #investing #realestate #10x #mindset #failure Timestamps: 8:17 - The poverty mindset 14:22 - You’re thinking too small! 20:03 - How you can 10x your potential 30:32 - Addiction is not a disease but a misdirection of gifts 35:39 - Sex, relationships, and creation 41:40 - The “10x Religion” 44:48 - Force + Intelligence = the Key to Success | Love is complicated...or is it? Jaida Simone, Psychotherapist, Intelligence NeuroHacker and Founder of the United Women’s Project, comes on this week’s episode of Unstoppable to teach me the 6 steps you can take to increase your Erotic Intelligence. We also talk about how you’ve likely been programmed by Hollywood, and even the porn industry, to have certain expectations of how love, relationships and sex should be, and how science can help you break through those expectations. If you want the true secrets to long-lasting relationships (or sex!) this is not one to miss. \xa0 Timestamps: 1:44 - Understanding erotic intelligence 16:35 - Monogamy, break-ups, porn, intimacy and more 30:46 - Conscious reprogramming of your view on relationships 39:59 - “Love” is a social construct?! 48:51 - Sexual energy and Kerwin’s celibate experience | The moment we understand our addictions, we understand who we are. This week on Unstoppable, Anthony Noud comes on the podcast to explore his journey from 15 year old heroin addict and obese, to now a new dad, entrepreneur, and inner work coach. This is his story of how he transformed his life from the inside out and learnt to re-parent his mind and body. If you want to better understand who you are and what your addictions are, whether they range from using your phone a bit too much or all the way to 7 years of hardcore heroin use, Anthony’s story just might help you uncover your own pain that you’ve repressed and show you the path to recovery and healing. Timestamps: 2:00 - The journey of a 15 year old heroin addict 24:05 - Understanding addiction 27:45 - The path to recovery and healing 39:45 - Transformation is from the inside out | Gratitude is seeing more of what you have rather than what you lack. Angela Simson, creator of The Gratitude Project, comes on this week’s ep of Unstoppable to share just how she broke the loop of stress to tap into a state of appreciation for the things that truly matter most. If you want to bring more gratitude into your life, relationships, parenting, or your personal growth and development, then this episode is the one for you. \xa0 Timestamps: 8:10 - Tapping into the gratitude attitude 16:45 - Expectations that lead to resentment in relationships 25:14 - Personal development is easy!...in sunny, 28°C weather 34:44 - Remaining grateful when your kids push your buttons | Do you know if you’re poisoning your kids? Monica Meldrum, founder and CEO of Whole Kids an Australian-owned organic food company, comes on this week’s ep of Unstoppable to discuss the importance of understanding what’s in our food and “unjunking” our lifestyle. In fact, the entire foundation of Whole Kids is in creating a happier, healthier world for kids and Monica lets us know her unique journey in finding this purpose - her ‘why’. We also talk about handling the constant battle as the mouse in a lion’s industry, and how she manages business with a husband in the business as well as 2 young kids. So, if you want to impact the world but don’t know how yet, this is one not to miss.  Timestamps: 2:43 - The happiest place in the world 13:21 - Why focusing on Purpose matters in the hard times 27:28 - Being the “Mouse That Roars” 34:13 - How to affect change in your family and the world | This week’s episode of Unstoppable features one of the kindest human beings I know, Nick Bowditch. Nick is an entrepreneur, storyteller and best-selling author, and is an addict who lives with depression, anxiety and PTSD. And in this ep we talk about the importance of stories and why so many of us suck at telling our authentic stories in real life and on social media. We also explore Nick’s history of mental health, trauma and his relationship with perfection in life and parenting, as well as diving deep into the topic of addiction. If you want to learn to better connect with people and yourself, and start living your truth, this is not one you want to miss.  Timestamps: 4:38 - Why you don’t connect with people on social media 10:45 - Don’t try to be perfect. Try to be better than you were yesterday. 24:01 - Greatest lessons from an addict 32:36 - We’re all addicted and we all need to work on ourselves", 'chan_desc': 'The UNSTOPPABLE with Kerwin Rae podcast is for anyone who wants to push through their limits and live up to their highest potential.  I interview top specialists, enlightened gurus and strategic professionals to uncover what it takes to get your business, your performance, your relationships, your health and so much more to the next level, so you can become UNSTOPPABLE.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/0e/4a/75/0e4a75c1-10fa-528f-fcea-755ab35c6454/mza_8240071894566340937.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-09-10'}}

{'بودكاست فلك | Falak Podcast': {'title': 'بودكاست فلك | Falak Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/بودكاست-فلك-|-Falak-Podcast-id2358208', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'محتوايز', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 445, 'play_count': 534, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://falak.fireside.fm'], 'ep_total': 2, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '00:33:30', 2], ['2019-08-31', '00:29:00', 4]], 'hover_text_concat': 'تحدثت أضوى في هذه الحلقة عن العناصر الأساسية التي يجب أن تتواجد في الفكرة، وجرى الحديث أيضا عن كيفية عمل دراسة جدوى والتحقق من فعالية فكرة مشروعك مقدمة البودكاست أضوى الدخيلhttps://twitter.com/AdwaAlDakheelضيوف هذه الحلقةأسامة الراعيhttps://twitter.com/OsamaAlRaeeAmal Dokhanhttps://twitter.com/AmalDokhanتم إنتاج هذه الحلقة من محتوايزhttps://twitter.com/Mohtwize | تحدثت أضوى الدخيل في هذه الحلقة عن مفهوم ريادة الأعمال، وسبب انتشار مفهوم ريادة الأعمال في الوقت الحاضر.تم تقسيم الحلقة على مفاهيم مختلفة، ويتم تحليلها ومعرفة إذا كان المفهوم صحيح أم خاطىءحساب أضوى الدخيلhttps://twitter.com/AdwaAlDakheelمن إنتاج محتوايزhttps://twitter.com/mohtwizeحساب فلكhttps://twitter.com/Falak_Hubالإيميل للتواصلFalak@Mohtwize.com', 'chan_desc': 'بودكاست فلك هو بودكاست تتحدث فيه أضوى الدخيل عن رحلة ريادة الأعمال بجميع مراحلها بشكل تسلسلي، والذي يحتوي على معلومات موثوقة وإحصائيات وأبحاث عن الطرق الصحيحة للتعامل مع كل مرحلة من مراحل ريادة الأعمالمن إنتاج محتوايزhttps://twitter.com/mohtwize', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/c2/12/46/c2124627-e48d-0c65-7533-8df598a0f2be/mza_5154288565994299433.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-31'}}

{"A Reseller's Life by Daily Refinement (Journey of a Full-Time eBay, Poshmark & Mercari Seller)": {'title': "A Reseller's Life by Daily Refinement (Journey of a Full-Time eBay, Poshmark & Mercari Seller)", 'chan_url': "https://castbox.fm/channel/A-Reseller's-Life-by-Daily-Refinement-(Journey-of-a-Full-Time-eBay%2C-Poshmark-%26-Mercari-Seller)-id2235794", 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Chris Lin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 19, 'play_count': 142, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://dailyrefinement.com'], 'ep_total': 25, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-12', '00:10:45', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:15:49', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:19:28', 1], ['2019-09-12', '01:26:57', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:33:00', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:11:48', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:13:56', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:13:37', 1], ['2019-08-28', '00:16:29', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:18:17', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': '★ Buy My $1k/week Profit Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. | ★ Buy My $1k/week Profit Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. | ★ Buy My $1k/week Profit Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. | ★ Buy My $1k/week Profit Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. | ★ Buy My $1k/week Profit Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. | ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ Buy My Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. | ★ Ashley’s channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_8BKDmjs7jWcjtxOUq9xmg   Balancing being a full-time mom and a part-time reseller.   Ashley has been an awesome friend and mentor over the last few years. :D   Updated List of Tools/Resources/Supplies ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ Buy My Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. \xa0 | ★ This episode is sponsored by Skillshare, get 2 free months and try it out: https://www.skillshare.com/r/user/dailyrefinement ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ Here are 7 Secret Ways We Can Source Inventory (Some are illegal in certain states)   Sourcing Drives (Mail or canvas a community with flyers with a specific date you’ll pick up donations)   Check your mail, chances are, you can find one that someone locally is running this with a charity involved. Savers/Value Village     Business Liquidation Services   Junk Removal   Electronics Recycling   Off-Season Inventory Liquidation     Donation Bins   Metal Bins   Bins Inside Businesses (I prefer these)     Dumpster Diving   Linkedin Ads/Facebook Ads for Home Clean-out/Estate/Business Removal   You’re looking for CEO level people first, then work your way down, “I know you’re not the right person, which person in your company is in charge of …etc.” Then use that person’s name to get a hold of the right person. Sandra, your CEO said you might be the right person to ask about X.   Millenials are literally just donating entire estates. Get it before Goodwill.     Craigslist Ads   Post Regular Ads Looking For Specific Industries (I recommend stuff with $200 MSRP or higher). I’m looking for ipads, iphones, electronics, bikes, new with tags items, etc.     Churches   Ask your church to do a “church sale or drive,” and either buy all the inventory from everyone, or get donations. Give a portion back to the church.     Updated List of Tools/Resources/Supplies ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ Buy My Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. | It takes money to make money, so these tips are designed to help you have more cashflow, and leverage more capital if you need it. There are 2 types stores, either you have a garage sale store of random stuff, or a more commercial style store with replenishables. Regardless of what store you pick, eventually you might need money. You don’t have to use it, but if you’ve been a reseller for any length of time, you know there will be opportunities that may require a larger amount of money. The worst time to ask for money is when you need it. 1. Lower the risk of your category. It’s much less risky to invest in companies that are in great categories. You could lower the risk of your category by buying stuff that you can return. Research 30,60,90 day return policies and take advantage as you are starting. Nike has an unofficial return policy. I consider inventory that’s hard to get rid of more risky. Used cheap stuff for $1, sometimes doesn’t even sell for $1. It also costs a lot to list cheap items. No one ever said, how am I going to get rid of all these MacBooks. I sold a $410,000 Lexus LFA, and the trade-in was a 1984 Lamborghini Countach. My boss was like, “damn, that’s ridiculously risky, there’s a few other ones, and they’ve been for sale for a long time. I don’t want to park $80k there, can you help him sell it somewhere else?” On the flip side, we’ve paid $10k for a Corolla that we’re flipping for $11k. Literally thousands of people in our local area are looking for that car versus almost no one looking for a questionably operational Countach. 2. You’re not asking for enough money on your items. You’re not asking enough money on a loan. For higher quality buyers, the cost of saving money on a questionable item isn’t worth it. eBay might be cheaper, but the quality control isn’t as high as Amazon. Aim for items where convenience matters. I offer 1 day shipping on many of my items for an extra $20. It’s not something people pick, but because of left-hand navigation, some people will get rid of items that have slow shipping. It sounds counter-intuitive, but often, the more money you ask for, the more likely you are to obtain a bank loan. For banks, small loans (under $100,000) are just not worth it. This is why you see small stores and huge stores. They want to fund huge amounts of money because they make money when they lend it. How much capital do you need to build your dream store? I recommend you have the amount that you want to make each year in reserve. If you have a $100k, you can flip $100k 10x for 10% each month, or you can flip it one time for 100% return. Each model is different and needs different amounts of money. 3. Spend More Time In One Industry Doing One Way of Business (Banks Love This) The biggest indicator of how well you’ll do in a business is how long you’ve been doing business. If your business is relatively new, you may not have built up enough of a business credit history to qualify for a small business loan. Note that vendors don’t always report your payments to the business credit agencies automatically. Whenever you set up an account with a new supplier or other vendor, make sure they report your payments so your business can build up a good credit history. it’s easier to have a successful business and solid financials if you’re smaller, clarity is better than size. 4. You don’t have enough collateral. (No skin in the game.) Brick and Mortar, Warehouse, House, Car, Investments. People/banks/distributors like working with people who are super invested. Team up with people with these resources. 5. Not enough evidence of strong cash flow Stronger cash flow gives you more options. My business is getting smaller and smaller, and I’m getting my money back faster and faster. I’d rather have more cycles than higher margins, personally, but it’s a lot less profitable. This is why I don’t allow best offer, because I want immediate payment. 6. Incomplete descriptions. Poor application/paperwork for banks. Sadly, one of the most common reasons items don’t sell is incomplete descriptions and item specifics. eBay is trying to standardize data, so it’s more important than ever to fill out every single box. I’m from the car business, and a bank will decline a loan, whether it’s for a small business or a car because of paperwork. Business owners can spend up to 20-30 hours writing the description and taking photos for a single item. Would someone buy your business. Do you have three to five years of business and personal tax returns, business bank account statements, financial statement/projections for the business, and your personal and business credit reports. They may also want to see legal documents related to your business such as contracts, leases, licenses, permits, and corporate documents. There’s a lot to it, but that makes it even sweeter when you pull it off. 7 & 8: Work on your credit score Your debt utilization is too high (or not high enough). I am not a credit expert, my score is only a 769, there’s a lot of people with a much higher score that you can follow, but here are some basic rules. I actually have 2 late payment in the last 7 years, and that’s preventing me from having over 800. One of the most common reasons for loan rejection is if the lender deems your credit score to be “too low.” The magic score number will differ depending on the lender and situation. Your personal credit score does factor into a small business loan, even if your company has been in business for a while. If you can’t manage your personal credit, the logic goes, how reliable will you be when it comes to paying back a business loan? If a low credit score is the reason you are turned down, review your score and take steps to repair it. It’s a good idea to brush up on what goes in to your personal and business credit score, too, so you understand how you are being evaluated. If you have a successful business, but had to damage your personal credit to build it, you’re not alone. Take heart: there are more options out there for you than ever before.   Less than 30 percent of the total credit available to you is good   Less than 10 percent is even better, and actually for me personally, having 0 utilization has given me the highest score.   You want to ask for a higher limit and lower how much you’re using.   Updated List of Tools/Resources/Supplies ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ Buy My Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. \xa0 | ★ This show is sponsored by my Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ Most small businesses fail according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics:: https://www.bls.gov/bdm/us_age_naics_00_table7.txt ★ So what’s the reason? Fortune Magazine did a Study:  https://fortune.com/2014/09/25/why-startups-fail-according-to-their-founders/   42% fail because there is no market for their products. Makes 100% sense. There’s a reason there’s so many successful resellers that resell what they sold in a previous job. You already have a head start against anyone trying to jump in. An example would be industrial dental equipment. That’s not a niche that anyone can just walk in. The demographic of your buyer:   Business or Consumer?   Their socioeconomic status (Rich or Poor?)   What is the competition in this category?   What’s the pain point they’re trying to solve. If you’re selling nostalgia, make it nostalgic. If you’re selling something that’s a necessity, make it free shipping, free returns, cheapest one available. No one is nostalgic about chapstick, they want the cheapest one that does the job at the best price.     29% failed because they ran out of cash. They hire too early. So, here’s the thing. If you do all the work and you care the most, you can definitely make it work. There’s a limit to your time and capital, but if you can keep expenses super low, you can definitely make this work. When you add someone, you have to take time away from your business, and that person isn’t profitable yet. Cash-flow is your air supply. I recommend selling locally as much as possible to keep expenses low. It takes more time, but every dollar counts.   23% failed because they didn’t have the right team running the business.   19% were outcompeted. (Poor supply, poor offering, poor pricing)   18% failed because of pricing and cost issues. (Priced too High)   17% failed because of a poor product offering. (no Unique or Unfair Selling Advantage)   17% failed because they lacked a business model. (10x10x10)   14% failed because of poor marketing. (cross-listing is awesome!)   14% failed because they ignored their customers. (this is unlikely in our industry)   ★ All Reseller/YouTube Supplies at http://bit.ly/resellersupplies (Affiliate link) ★ Buy My Full Reseller Field Guide: (50% off CODE: youtube) https://dailyrefinement.teachable.com ★ A Reseller’s Life How To Resell Series: http://bit.ly/aresellerslife Podcast here: https://apple.co/2ziHZVP ★ Free Video Series on How to Make $1k/ a Week: http://bit.ly/2Mx2mXS ★ Get a 1 on 1 Store Review, Join My Discord or Mastermind: https://www.patreon.com/dailyrefinement ★ Read Reseller Finance by Mark TEW, CPA. No Brainer to Understand Taxes. http://bit.ly/resellerfinance ★ FREE STUFF (If you sign up for Audible, Robinhood & Skillshare, I’ll give you my course for free.) ★ Free Audible Audiobook (Cancel Anytime & Keep the Book) http://www.audibletrial.com/dailyrefinement ★ Free Robinhood Stock: https://share.robinhood.com/christl3479 ★ Link to Free Macro Course Mac: https://skl.sh/2KznH1K PC: https://skl.sh/2La45AX ★ I make an extra $1k a month and get a free car by renting 3 cars on Getaround. ★ Getaround Free $40 to Try It or List Your Carl: https://www.getaround.com/invite/nychrislin ★ Public eBay Store: https://ebay.to/2YYl8Kk ★ Public Poshmark: https://www.poshmark.com/closet/dailyrefinement ★ Public Mercari: https://www.mercari.com/u/910906599/ ★ Streamyard Streaming Software: http://bit.ly/2ZnErjx ★ Background Song by Frank Lofty, 2007. He wrote it for me in college for a different project before he became Frank Ocean. HA! I am the verified owner of this song. The song and my cannot be reproduced without my permission. ebay, what is ebay, selling on ebay, podcast, ebay selling, ebay 101, reselling, how to ebay, reselling ebay, ebay how to, ebay reseller, reseller, making money ebay, ebay full time, Daily refinement, dailyrefinement, ebay sales, how to sell on ebay, selling on ebay, selling online, work from home, making money online, how to make money online, how to make money on ebay, ebay podcast, sell clothes on ebay, ebay clothing, ebay business owner, small business ebay', 'chan_desc': 'My name is Chris Lin, I go by @dailyrefinement online. I am a full-time reseller on eBay, Amazon, Poshmark and Mercari. I share my experiences, and best tips and tricks from the trade. All of my supplies, resources and episodes can be found at dailyrefinement.com. Cheers!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/53/ac/43/53ac4375-212b-750b-fe0a-e4ab4b90694a/mza_7765586587351759718.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-13'}}

{'DealMakers': {'title': 'DealMakers', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/DealMakers-id2139522', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Alejandro Cremades', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1114, 'play_count': 23894, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://alejandrocremades.com'], 'ep_total': 120, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-06', '00:46:03', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:50:01', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:51:52', 0], ['2019-09-29', '00:50:40', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:43:19', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:48:19', 0], ['2019-09-22', '00:36:31', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:31:12', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:47:13', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:42:36', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Ben Sigelman is a co-founder and CEO at LightStep, a company that makes complex microservice applications more transparent and reliable. The company has raised $70 million from investors like Sequoia Capital, Redpoint, Harrison Metal, Cowboy Ventures, and Altimer Capital. Prior to this, he was an employee at Google for nine years. | Shoaib Makani is the co-founder and CEO of KeepTruckin which is helping trucking companies manage their fleets and have their drivers legally log their hours. The company has raised over $200 million at a $1.4 billion valuation from investors like Index Ventures, Google Ventures, IVP, Scale Venture Partners, Greenoaks Capital, and ITOCHU Corporation. Before becoming a trucker, Shoaib Makani was a VC at Khosla Ventures and also an employee at Google. | Shishir Mehrotra is the CEO and Co-Founder of Coda which creates online documents and the utility of applications into a single new canvas. The company has raised over $60 million from investors like NEA, Kleiner Perkins, Khosla Ventures, Greylock, and General Catalyst. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of Product and Engineering at Youtube. | Lior Elazary is the cofounder of inVia Robotics which provides next-generation robotics warehouse automation solutions for e-commerce distribution centers and supply chains. The company has raised $30 million from Point72 Ventures, Upfront Ventures, and Embark Ventures to name a few. Prior to this, Lior Elazary sold his first business for $20 million and his next one for $400 million. | Sujai Hajela and Bob Friday are the cofounders of Mist Systems which is leading the transition to AI-driven IT, making Wi-Fi predictable, reliable and measurable by providing visibility and proactive automation to the user experience across the AI-driven enterprise. The company raised $90 million from Kleiner Perkins, Google Ventures, and Norwest Venture Partners. Ultimately the company got acquired by Juniper Networks in a deal worth $405 million. | Stuart Landesberg is the co-founder and CEO of Grove Collaborative which has an owned direct-to-consumer e-commerce platform for natural home and personal care products. The company has raised over $200 million at a $1B+ valuation from investors like Norwest Venture Partners, Mayfield Fund, General Atlantic, Marc Bell Ventures, Greenspring Associates, Nextview Ventures, and Bullpen Capital to name a few. | Sanjay Shah is the founder and CEO of Vistex which is an enterprise software company, providing solutions to drive customer growth and partner relations. The company was bootstrapped to $250 million in revenue without outside investment. Recently the company raised $65 million from Accel-KKR. | Vivek Ravisankar is the CEO and co-founder of HackerRank, a company that is on a mission to match every developer to the right job\u200a based on skills, not pedigree. The company has raised $60 million from investors like SV Angel, Khosla Ventures, Battery Ventures, JMI Equity, and ZenShin Capital. | Ashish Thusoo is the co-founder and CEO at Qubole which delivers a Self-Service Platform for Big Data Analytics built on Amazon, Microsoft, Google and Oracle Clouds. The company has raised $87 million from top investors like Charles River Ventures, Norwest Venture Partners, IVP, Singtel Inno8, and Lightspeed Venture Partners. | Vijay Balasubramaniyan is the co-founder and CEO of Pindrop which is a pioneer in voice security and authentication. The company has raised to date over $200 million from top tier investors such as Andresseen Horowitz, Google Ventures, Redpoint, Felicis Ventures, Sigma Partners, and IVP.', 'chan_desc': 'Welcome to the DealMakers show, hosted by Alejandro Cremades. Alejandro is a serial entrepreneur, best-selling author, and cofounder at Panthera Advisors (M&A and fundraising advisory). On this podcast you will find interviews with entrepreneurs that have been very successful at raising capital or getting their company acquired. You will learn what they did right and what mistakes they made through the process of closing the deal. DealMakers is the ultimate guide for entrepreneurs and senior executives that are in the process of fundraising or selling their company.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/43/4e/89/434e89fc-ab75-70a8-5399-5a8027b116aa/mza_2248610034131760591.jpeg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-10-19'}}

{'Nobody Told Me!': {'title': 'Nobody Told Me!', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Nobody-Told-Me!-id1325176', 'num_comments': 10, 'author': 'Jan Black & Laura Owens', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 70442, 'play_count': 1312248, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/nobodytoldmepod', 'https://www.facebook.com/nobodytoldmeshow', 'http://www.nobodytoldmeshow.com'], 'ep_total': 178, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:31:48', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:35:06', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:29:55', 1], ['2019-09-22', '00:31:38', 1], ['2019-09-17', '00:32:09', 1], ['2019-09-13', '00:32:51', 3], ['2019-09-09', '00:32:00', 2], ['2019-09-05', '00:29:43', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:29:00', 1], ['2019-08-28', '00:32:39', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Does college work?\xa0 That’s the question being explored in the new book by education journalist and New York Times bestselling author Paul Tough, whose latest book is called The Years That Matter Most: How College Makes or Breaks Us.Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | We’re thrilled to talk with our guest on this episode, canine behaviorist Clive Wynne who explores the incredible relationship between people and dogs in his new book, Dog is Love:\xa0 Why and How Your Dog Loves You.Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | Would you like to become a better person or a better leader?\xa0 Do you have psychological habits and behavioral patterns that have helped you succeed, but may be detrimental to your relationships, well-being and ability to lead?\xa0 Then pay close attention to what our guest, Jerry Colonna has to say! Jerry is the author of the new book called, Reboot:\xa0 Leadership and the Art of Growing Up.\xa0 He’s a venture capitalist–turned-executive coach and his new book is aimed at millennials seeking purpose or personal growth, or anyone facing a turning point in their career.Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | We had a great time talking again with business and leadership guru Greg Bustin.\xa0 Greg advises leaders of the world's most admired companies on how to lead and maintain thriving businesses.\xa0 He says accountability is one of the most important factors leading to the success of a business.\xa0 He's interviewed and surveyed thousands of leaders to develop a set of tools that will increase accountability and drive the success of any organization.Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | We’re excited to talk with our guest on this episode, Dr. Rupy Aujla, who’s an emergency medical doctor, general physician and best-selling\xa0 author.\xa0 His latest book is called, Eat to Beat Illness:\xa0 80 Simple, Delicious Recipes Inspired by the Science of Food as Medicine.Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | Joining us on this episode is Robert Greene, the international bestselling author who’s well-known for his books on strategy, power and seduction.\xa0 His books include, The 48 Laws of Power, The Art of Seduction, The 33 Strategies of War and Mastery. \xa0Robert’s latest book is called, The Laws of Human Nature, which is designed to “immerse you in all aspects of human behavior and explain its root causes.”Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | Joining us on this episode is Lisa Taddeo, the New York Times best-selling author of the book, Three Women, which is a nearly decade-long investigation into the sex lives and desires of three American women.\xa0 Three Women is one of the most talked-about books this year and we were thrilled to talk about it with Lisa.Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | We promise you're going to fall in love with our guest on this episode, Andrew Samuel, author of the new book, OUR AMERICAN DREAM: Cultivating a Life of Success, Joy, and Purpose.\xa0 Andrew has been a successful banker for many years.\xa0 But, his early life gave no clue that he’d one day be building successful banks and taking companies public.\xa0 In this episode, he tells the story of how he went from being a poor, skinny little kid in India to ringing the opening bell at Nasdaq. \xa0Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | It was a great honor to talk to Retired United States Army Staff Sergeant Travis Mills, author of the New York Times bestselling memoir Tough as They Come.\xa0 In April 2012, Travis was critically injured by an improvised explosive device on his third tour of duty in Afghanistan.\xa0 Travis lost portions of both legs and arms and is one of only five quadruple amputees from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to survive his injuries.\xa0 And while you might think such injuries would break a person, both physically and emotionally, that's not the case with Travis.\xa0 He continues to amaze his friends and family alike with his progress and amazing spirit.Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | On this episode we welcome back Andrew Tarvin, who calls himself the world’s first humor engineer teaching people how to get better results while having more fun.\xa0 He’s worked with more than 250 organizations from around the world, helping them to use humor to achieve happiness and success in the workplace.\xa0 Andrew is the author of several books on humor, including his latest, Humor That Works:\xa0 The Missing Skill for Success and Happiness at Work.Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices", 'chan_desc': 'When mother-daughter duo Jan Black and Laura Owens first conceptualized their two-generational talk show, nobody told them they’d snag the title of #1 self-help podcast for months on end! But that’s exactly what they’ve done, delving into topics as far-flung as network building, the importance of failure, finding hope after being kidnapped, and how the principles of brain surgery can help us work through everyday problems. Featuring interviews with extraordinary individuals, Nobody Told Me! shines light on the shared human experiences that bring us together, and the challenges that serve as catalysts for our greatest growth. Nobody Told Me! combines Jan’s impressive broadcast journalism background with Laura’s unique, millennial perspective.  Driven by a genuine desire to educate and empower, their pioneering platform gives insight into the strategies and secrets of people in all walks of life. Equal parts information and inspiration, Nobody Told Me! brings a personal touch to the interview process.  Together, Jan and Laura are asking the questions that help their listeners get through life’s toughest times. ', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/d0/da/03/d0da03c0-7734-e45b-346f-d05cfe6123e4/mza_6582146314159037484.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-02-13'}}

{'Raising the Bar with Alli and Michael': {'title': 'Raising the Bar with Alli and Michael', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Raising-the-Bar-with-Alli-and-Michael-id1980999', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Dear Media', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 504, 'play_count': 4012, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://dearmedia.com'], 'ep_total': 43, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:46:11', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:43:31', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:48:19', 0], ['2019-09-13', '01:19:13', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:45:44', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:54:50', 0], ['2019-08-23', '00:54:31', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:50:14', 0], ['2019-08-08', '01:02:33', 0], ['2019-08-02', '00:47:58', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Talia Goldstein officially started her matchmaking company Three Day Rule in 2010, but she’s been setting people up since she was in high school. Today,\xa0Three Day Rule employs 50 matchmakers who arrange dates in 10 major cities in the U.S. These matchmakers combine tech with human intuition, meeting with each of their clients and potential matches in person and using facial-recognition software to help improve the search. Founder Talia joined Raising The Bar to share how she went from office matchmaker to CEO, raising money for a startup while pregnant, and how she's\xa0found matches for hundreds of clients, including top executives, entrepreneurs, and celebrities. Learn more at\xa0threedayrule.com and @threedayrule.\xa0And don't forget to follow\xa0@alliwebb\xa0for #BTS of Raising The Bar and\xa0subscribe and rate us! \xa0 Ignite your curiosity and discover SPARKED in select Ulta\xa0Stores.\xa0 ᐧ |  For years, Cassie Hughes and Gabrey Means were rivals in the cutthroat world of corporate publicity campaigns, trying to outdo each other with store launches, press events, and stunts, all before experiential marketing was barely a standard marketing practice. The competition ended one day over a bottle of wine, as Cassie and Gabrey realized they could build the agency they longed for but never found.\xa0Since starting Grow in 2001, Gabrey and Cassie have built Grow from a two-person consultancy into an award-winning agency that counts Google, Target, Sephora, Levi’s, Nike, and more as clients. The two marketing whizzes sat down with Michael and Alli to talk about what makes their strategies unique, how to execute an experiential event, and why brands are engaging in the culture more than ever before. Learn more at\xa0grow-marketing.com, and don't forget to follow\xa0@alliwebb\xa0for #BTS of Raising The Bar and\xa0subscribe and rate us!  ᐧ | As a lifelong amateur baker, Laurel Gallucci had to remove gluten, dairy, and refined sugar from her diet when she was diagnosed with the autoimmune disease Hashimoto's. She had to re-learn how to eat, and applied this newfound knowledge to her love of baking. Eventually, Laurel teamed up with her partner Claire Thomas to create Sweet Laurel Bakery, an Instagram and marketing phenomenon that has lead to two cookbooks and brick-and-mortar bakeshop in the Palisades Village. Tune in to hear Laurel discuss the origins of Sweet Laurel (hint: branding came before business) and how her business is presently scaling to cater to its rapidly growing, niche fan base. Keep up with Laurel at\xa0@sweetlaurelbakery, and don't forget to follow\xa0@alliwebb\xa0for #BTS of Raising The Bar and\xa0subscribe and rate us! | Death, disease, and...spray tanning? All of these things led Katie DePaola to leave her 9-to-5 job and grow her company Inner Glow Circle\xa0into a globally recognized training program for coaches and entrepreneurs.\xa0Katie's journey to entrepreneurial independence took many twists and turns since IGC's founding in 2015, but she's turned her greatest challenges into her greatest opportunities and says her business is what saved her life. Michael and Alli hear Katie's story and find\xa0out how Inner Glow Circle teaches and empowers women to work for themselves. Keep up with Katie at\xa0@innerglowcircle\xa0and\xa0@itskatiedepaola, and don't forget to follow\xa0@alliwebb\xa0for #BTS of Raising The Bar and\xa0subscribe and rate us! \xa0 Produced by Dear Media. | Don't ask Jen Gotch how to describe her 11-year-old business Ban.do. What began as a hair accessories company has evolved into a lifestyle brand that can be found at more than 3,000 department stores and boutiques around the world and count Starbucks and Taylor Swift as collaborators. Jen has evolved, too. As a co-founder, chief creative officer, mental health advocate, and now, author, Jen joined her old pals Michael and Alli in front of a Ban.do-clad live audience at the Grove to get real about mental health (duh), creative entrepreneurship, and how her brand can stand for more than just fun. Keep up with Jen at @jengotch and @shopbando. And don't forget to follow\xa0@alliwebb\xa0for #BTS of Raising The Bar and\xa0subscribe and rate us! | When Justin Miller and Tom Simon pitched their bake-at-home cookie mix on Shark Tank, they may have tricked Alli into eating their dog treats (made from human-grade ingredients) but that didn't stop a bidding war. Alli beat out fellow Shark Kevin O'Leary—offering them $50,000 for 30% of the company—and committed to helping the duo with branding, marketing, and scaling. Justin and Tom caught up with their investors to relay what's happened since Shark Tank, how Alli and Michael come into play, and what's on the horizon for Zookies Cookies. Keep up with the brand at\xa0zookiescookies.com\xa0and\xa0@zookiescrittercookies.\xa0And don't forget to follow\xa0@alliwebb\xa0for #BTS of Raising The Bar and\xa0subscribe and rate us! \xa0 Produced by Dear Media.\xa0 | Year & Day is changing the way people shop for tableware. With its modern, minimalist dishes, flatware, and glassware at attainable prices, the year-old, direct-to-consumer startup has already made fans out of Eva Chen and Mandy Moore. Founder and CEO Kathryn Duryea, a Stanford MBA who previously worked in brand management at Tiffany & Co., wants to do for tableware what Warby Parker has done for eyewear or Parachute Home has done for bedding: offer a defined aesthetic at reasonable prices. Kathryn met up with Alli and Michael (and newly-minted Year & Day devotees) to discuss the intersection of curation and marketing, rethinking the upscale homewares category for Millennials, and the renaissance—not death—of brick-and-mortar retail.\xa0Keep up with the brand at yearandday.com and @yearandday. And don't forget to follow @alliwebb for #BTS of Raising The Bar and  subscribe and rate us! \xa0 Produced by Dear Media. | Toni Ko was just 25 when she founded the affordable beauty brand NYX Cosmetics. With $250,000 in seed money from her parents, the Korean-born entrepreneur started out small, with makeup pencils, but made $2 million in sales her first year. After selling the company in 2014 to L'Oreal for reportedly $500 million, Toni knew retirement wasn't what came next. She sat down with Alli and Michael to swap entrepreneurial war stories and share how she revived her sense of self post-acquisition with a sunglass company, real estate investments, and venture firm\xa0for women-led companies. Keep up with Toni at\xa0@tonikokoko. And don't forget to follow\xa0@alliwebb\xa0for #BTS of Raising The Bar and\xa0subscribe and rate us! \xa0 Produced by Dear Media.\xa0 |   It Cosmetics has been a true disruptor in the cosmetics industry since its launch in 2008. After years of hustling on QVC and landing shelf space in Sephora and Ulta, founder Jamie Kern Lima sold her problem-solving makeup line of 300 products to L'Oreal for a reported $1.2 billion in 2016 and stayed on as CEO, making her the first female CEO in L'Oreal's 108-year-history. Jamie sat down with Michael and Alli to reveal how she started testing makeup to help cover up her rosacea, investing in women-led businesses, and the origins of Drybar and It Cosmetic's collaboration, the Lash Blowout Mascara. Keep up with Jamie at itcosmetics.com and @jamiekernlima. And don't forget to follow\xa0@alliwebb\xa0for #BTS of Raising The Bar and\xa0subscribe and rate us!    Produced by Dear Media.\xa0 Producedᐧ | Rachel Pally's Cali-cool maxi dresses have been photographed on everyone from SJP and Beyoncé to Jennifer Aniston and Katy Perry, but it was a stint at a university costume department and a chance encounter in DTLA's Chinatown that truly changed everything for her. Since founding the eponymous clothing line in 2002, Rachel's made it her mission to make flattering clothing for women of all sizes, including plus-size and maternity-wear. The native Angeleno continues to support her local economy by designing and manufacturing in her hometown. Michael and Alli caught up with Rachel to find out all about the brand's origin story, growing up with entrepreneur-parents (who founded Gymboree), and how the designer is scaling her growing retail business. Keep up with Rachel at rachelpally.com and @rachelpally. And don't forget to follow @alliwebb for #BTS of Raising The Bar and  subscribe and rate us!", 'chan_desc': 'A show for entrepreneurs, for anyone who wants to know about business, or how to have a life while having a business.Founders Alli Webb and Michael Landau speak to budding and successful business owners whose ideas they love. Alli started their business Drybar by driving herself around to homes in Los Angeles to give blow-outs to clients, but then their business took off. Now, Drybar has over a hundred stores across the country. Alli and Michael share what it takes to risk everything on a great idea, they share the things they’re obsessed with -- and they fight like brother and sister. Oh, did we forget to mention that Alli and Michael are also siblings?', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e5/26/03/e52603e9-bb65-3941-5646-e33f4c763721/mza_5388033172167126830.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-07-10'}}

{'Scaling Up': {'title': 'Scaling Up', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Scaling-Up-id1501726', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Elizabeth Hartke', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 41, 'play_count': 535, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://elizabethhartke.com/'], 'ep_total': 45, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:46:33', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:38:49', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:15:33', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:46:06', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:32:49', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:39:52', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:47:41', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:59:09', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:47:26', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:54:02', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "This is one of my favorite stories of all time… Mary Latham is the girl behind More Good. A 50 state road trip to compile stories of acts of human kindness to create a book to donate to hospital waiting rooms. But Mary’s story blows me away… Her mission began on October 29, 2016, when she packed up her mother's old Subaru and drove on to the Orient Point Cross Sound Ferry. But it started with a sad story after her beloved mother passed of cancer. For the last few years, her home has been other people’s homes. Strangers with a story who welcomed Mary in and told her their tales of human kindness. Through her own bouts of illness, Mary is compiling stories that will touch hearts. It all started with a little conversation with her mother, and I can’t wait for you to hear about it! Sometimes our purpose isn’t about an idea we monetize - sometimes it’s about following our heart and making our impact. https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/045 | If only I could fully express how excited I am to bring you this episode with Allie Casazza… Seriously. I was actually anxiously awaiting our conversation not just to bring it to you guys, but for myself! Allie is globally recognized for her courses and content that focuses on simple and intentional living. THE DREAM! More simplicity. Less clutter. More peace. Less stress. That’s literally what she helps other women do! From decluttering the home to decluttering the schedule, Allie is all about helping us experience freedom from stuff to experience freedom in our lives. So today I got to have a chat with Allie to learn more about her journey from overwhelmed, depressed and feeling like she was falling short to minimalism, peace, and freedom! We focused a lot on how it could serve us in our businesses, as well. https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/044 | I was debating whether to share this with you or not because it’s a pretty raw conversation that I had with my friend and fellow business coach, Kari Keating. Sometimes the world of entrepreneurship looks glamorous or like it’s all about taking Pinterest-worthy pictures and tricking everyone into believing that it comes with all the money, freedom and fulfillment… That’s just BS. It’s TOUGH sometimes! Especially when you’re juggling a family, motherhood, and the comparison game. So I almost didn’t share this because it felt so personal, but then I remembered that there are other go-getters out there desperately pursuing their dreams and passions and they deserve to know they’re not alone. From time management to mom guilt, from starting a business to scaling business - it’s all in there. Come check out my candid convo with Kari and let me know what you think! https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/043 | Are you ready to manifest your mission and create a voice for your brand? Writing a book is an immensely effective way to do that, so I'm bringing Joshua Lisec, the world's only award-winning, celebrity-recommended, #1 international bestselling Certified Professional Ghostwriter. He is a multiple-time #1 International Bestselling Ghostwriter, a Forbes Contributor ghostwriter, a TEDx speaker, and a two-time published novelist. Writing a book can create a 7-figure product funnel, covert readers into clients, help you exceed sales goals, and so much more. If you haven't considered a book as one of your business growth strategy tools, now is the time! https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/042 | Did you know there’s a cost to standing still? That in fact, you’re not standing still. When we’re out of a state of action, we’re actually deteriorating. In our careers, in our relationships, our health, even our state of mind. So this episode is dedicated to the power of taking action, how to do it and understanding the steep price we pay for thinking we’re standing still. Be sure to download today’s frebie for the show, too, because it’s going to help you step into massive action and prioritize what needs your attention. https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/041 | I love this episode because it’s about as real as it gets! \xa0 I had Micala Quinn on the show and she’s the go-to expert who teaches moms how to build a profitable freelancing business from the ground up! But on today’s episode, it was just Micala and I… her baby was there, too! So it’s REAL. You’ll hear coo’s and cries! But it’s perfect because it’s all the evidence you need that you can build your dream no matter what you have going on in your life.\xa0 \xa0 If you’re either someone who is looking to explore freelancing as a way to make an income or build up some income to be able to leave your current job or you’re a business owner who wants to scale and bring on a freelancer, this one’s for you! \xa0 https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke \xa0 Shownotes: www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/040 | For several years now I’ve been a branding specialist and business mentor for people in hot pursuit of scaling their business to their wildest dreams. But never have I done that publicly!! But when I was asked to be a guest on Stef Gass’s top-rated podcast, that all changed. We sat down to our mics about to have an in-depth talk on leadership and right before we were about to hit record, Stef threw me a curveball! “Instead of doing our episode on leadership, what do you think about doing a live business mentorship session with me instead? Since you help people scale their businesses and their lives to the next level, maybe you could coach me live!” ...Umm… Let’s do it!! So we did it. And it was both a behind the scenes glimpse into what I do and how I do it, but also the coolest live feed of Stef having breakthrough after breakthrough (tears and all) of what’s really possible for her. So if you’ve ever been curious about what I do and how I do it for people or you want to take your ideas or business to levels that break all of the belief ceilings you’ve ever had, THIS is a must-listen. https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/039 | This lady is a business coach, brand strategist, author, speaker, and now friend! Amber Lilly-strum is a transformational branding strategist and business coach, author and speaker. She has been featured by Entrepreneur, Mentorbox and Working Mother Magazine and is the host of The Amber Lilyestrom Show podcast. She is the creator of the Ignite Your Soul Summit annual live event in Portsmouth, NH and multiple life-changing online programs. She helps entrepreneurs turn their passions into heart-centered brands and thriving businesses. Amber's mission is to empower women to position themselves as sought-after experts and thought leaders through the creation of an online brand presence. Her transformational mindset work sets her apart in an industry focused on a strategy-first, inner work later approach. She’s worked with thousands of women worldwide building a seven-figure business from home, let me tell you, this episode is a DO NOT MISS! https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/038 | You ever have one of those full-circle moments where you’re doing something that you either dreamed about before or something that brings you right back to where it all began? That’s this interview for me. In this episode, we’re having Trent Shelton on the show. You might know him as a former NFL wide receiver or the motivational speaker that’s taking the internet literally by storm, but Trent’s story and the impact that he’s making on the world is so far beyond what each of us perceives… After seeing Trent take the stage at Brendon Burchard’s High-Performance Academy, I was absolutely blown away by how he has triumphed over adversity in his life, not just in a grit your teeth and deal kind of way, but in a vulnerable, raw and strategic way. I asked Trent to come on the show to share everything from the heartbreaks of his football career to the realness of facing depression. He delivered. As a father of two, a devoted husband, a faithful man and man on a mission to teach us all how to extract the purpose from our pain, I present to you - my interview with Mr. Trent Shelton! https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/037 | Imagine a world where it felt easy to put your thoughts on paper and then out into the world to be met with cheers of “that’s EXACTLY what I was looking for! Here, take my credit card and my firstborn. I’m ready to pay you for your genius!” But then you go to put what you do and how you seek to serve your tribe into words and… Hear that? Those are crickets. Lots and lots of crickets. Well, I’m bringing to you THE Ashlyn Carter. She is a conversion copywriter and marketing strategist specializing in wedding & creative industries. She traded Fortune 500 clients in corporate marketing to build a seven-figure business writing for creatives like Jenna Kutcher, Beth Kirby of Local Milk, Julie Solomon, Katelyn James, Hilary Rushford, Lara Casey/Cultivate What Matters, and more. Her launch funnels have generated upwards of $500k in revenue for clients. I know, I know. I can hear it now… “But Elizabeth, I’m not a writer.” “But Elizabeth, I’ve tried that and it doesn’t work.” Listen, I totally get it. Not everyone is a writer by trade. But that doesn’t mean you can’t follow my process for capturing your voice and creating copy that actually gets your dream clients to say, “HECK YES!” So in summation, this one is a must-listen! We had some great laughs, chit-chatted about motherhood and got down to the nitty-gritty tactics that are literally going to change your business. https://www.instagram.com/elizhartke Shownotes:\xa0www.elizabethhartke.com/podcast/036", 'chan_desc': "The purpose driven go-getter’s watering hole for scaling up their life & brand (and getting paid well for it, too!)Each week Elizabeth Hartke, your Personal Brand and Freedom Stylist, brings you all the tools you need to create a life of true freedom and fulfillment by scaling & monetizing your personal brand!If you're a go-getter looking to go next level in your life and your business, you're in the right place. Formerly stuck in the cubicle life, Elizabeth broke free and built a 7 figure business helping extraordinary visionaries break free of an ordinary life. Now it's your turn!Get clarity, become a leader in your field and make an impact that pays!Find Elizabeth on Instagram at www.instagram.com/ElizHartke or on Facebook at www.facebook.com/ElizabethHartke", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/65/c8/6e/65c86ea9-3904-a894-1833-cc1416d4aa44/mza_1557736015397549182.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-12-06'}}

{'The Mentor Files': {'title': 'The Mentor Files', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Mentor-Files-id1074303', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Monica Royer', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 14, 'play_count': 75, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://monicaandandy.blog/category/podcast'], 'ep_total': 73, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '00:42:32', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:43:41', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:40:22', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:47:29', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:30:23', 0], ['2019-07-24', '00:41:01', 0], ['2019-07-17', '00:37:08', 0], ['2019-07-10', '00:41:47', 0], ['2019-06-26', '00:42:47', 0], ['2019-06-12', '01:04:44', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Listen in to learn how Afton Vechery serves her customers, how she decided on her funding strategy, and what she sees for the future of Modern Fertility. "We really started the company as a fertility information company. We felt that the conversation around fertility was very reactive as opposed to proactive." - Afton Vechery. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/70 | Learn how Daniella Yacobovsky carefully selected her team, got more out of her education than most, and why she thinks BaubleBar has become so successful. "A lot of times the challenges that could test a friendship really are different than the challenges you\'ll face as business partners." - Daniella Yacobovsky. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/69 | Listen in to today\'s episode to learn how authenticity drives all of Gray Malin\'s decisions, the value he sees in collaboration, and the evolution of him and his business. "I have traveled the world to bring my wildest visions to life." - Gray Malin. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/68 | Listen in to learn how Alberto Perlman has kept Zumba relevant, one thing every entrepreneur should do, and the clash of innovation and operation. "So I see the class, and I saw something that I didn\'t know existed. I saw fitness without sacrifice." - Alberto Perlman. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/67 | Listen in to learn how important it is for Gretchen Hansen to keep innovating, how to use data to make better decisions, and the best way to view competition. "Understand who your customer is, understand what their needs are, and what those unmet needs are." - Gretchen Hansen. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/66 | Listen in to learn the beginnings of True Botanicals, where Hillary focused her efforts in the beginning, and the importance of finding the best team. "It was really important to us to be able to deliver results without toxins." - Hillary Peterson. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/65 | Listen in to learn how retail is being reinvented, how to maximize your retail experience, and what Dan looks for in a startup. "Retail is truly going to be omnichannel, and that\'s because the consumer has become omnichannel." - Dan Wenhold. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/64 | Listen in to learn what he believes makes a great CEO, the most common mistakes that are made in a pitch, and the importance of having an incredible team. "The global economy never stops; you could work 24 hours a day and 7 days a week and still not be done." - Phil Schwarz. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/63 | Learn what makes the perfect pitch when raising capital, how to create your best team, and what Jesse has learned from her work in venture capital. "Sometimes you\'re betting on a founder with a two or three person team, and sometimes you\'re betting on a sole founder. It\'s really about the people, so I try to get to know them however I possibly can." - Jesse Draper. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/62 | Listen in to learn why Dana Gordon believes that laughter is so important in your business, and the importance of recognizing your own successes. "It\'s very important to make sure your kids understand what you do every day, whether they go into that line of work or not." - Dana Gordon. Learn more about this episode of The Mentor Files with Monica Royer at www.monicaandandy.blog/61', 'chan_desc': 'Listen in as the drivers behind some of the country’s top businesses explain how to build and run your dream. Monica Royer, founder and CEO of Monica + Andy, is joined by leading entrepreneurs, CEOs, and experts to bring you the audible MBA—unfiltered advice and mentorship every mover and maker needs to find their voice.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/95/86/48/95864821-b0ef-51b8-efcc-e299e93443b5/mza_5596896616750549762.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-10-22'}}

{'Innovators on Tap': {'title': 'Innovators on Tap', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Innovators-on-Tap-id2373923', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Chuck Swoboda', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3, 'play_count': 9, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.innovatorsontap.com/'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '00:30:43', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:28:40', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:28:33', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:37:40', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:38:10', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:04:06', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': ' |  |  |  |  | A preview of the new Innovators on Tap podcast dropping September 25th. The show is hosted by Chuck Swoboda.Website: InnovatorsOnTap.com', 'chan_desc': 'Innovators on Tap is a podcast that encourages you to challenge the status quo, think about what’s possible, and pursue the impossible.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/55/26/c3/5526c375-261c-846e-74e9-324a53958f4d/mza_5366228826114926921.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-12'}}

{'Small Business War Stories': {'title': 'Small Business War Stories', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Small-Business-War-Stories-id473679', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Pablo Fuentes', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 201, 'play_count': 5073, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://smallbusinesswarstories.com/'], 'ep_total': 152, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:46:42', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:49:02', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:40:35', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:36:49', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:42:50', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:47:33', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:46:01', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:42:39', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:45:03', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:37:06', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Todd Sanders always knew he wanted to be an artist. He get into making neon signs, and he developed a clientele of businesses who sought him for commercial signs. But Todd wanted more...he wanted to make fine art with neon. He was committed. So committed that at one point he slept in a trailer in a field with no electricity. He gritted his way forward, to where today he has an iconic shop in South Austin and his art is displayed the world over. Todd shares his story in today\'s episode...including the story of the largest piece he has ever sold, a set of three luchador masks with the colors of the Mexican flag. \xa0 You can find Todd\'s work at\xa0https://www.roadhouserelics.com/ | Lance Herrington found himself in a tough place when Houston, in his words, collapsed in the 1980s, and he was out of a job. He picked himself up by the bootstraps, and together with his wife Pam, they started a business restoring and selling Ford Thunderbirds out of his garage. Fast forward to today, and the Herringtons have a successful classic car business in La Grange, Texas, on a prime piece of real estate on the highway that connects Austin and Houston.\xa0 We cover Lance\'s amazing journey, classic cars in general, and hear about the time Lance flew to pick up a car with Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top. You can find Timeless Texas Classics at\xa0https://www.thunderbirdsouthwest.com/ | Britton was unsure he wanted to continue his job in digital media. And then came his biggest blessing in disguise: he was laid off. He started making cutting boards as a way to make money over the holidays, and that slowly evolved to him crafting beautiful custom wood furniture, cabinets, and more. How was Britton\'s family crucial to his transition? How did he handle the fear and anxiety that came with making a leap into the unknown? All of this and more in today\'s episode. You can find Britton\'s work at\xa0http://lucktonewoodshop.com/. We also reference two past episodes where we spoke with Michael Dalle Molle and Jordan Gurren of GoodWood Nola, those episodes can be found here: https://smallbusinesswarstories.com/custom-furniture-business  https://smallbusinesswarstories.com/goodwood-nola-growing-a-custom-furniture-design-and-fabrication-shop-in-new-orleans-louisiana-michael-dalle-molle-and-jordan-gurren \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | DaVon Walker wanted to see positive, sleek, motivational clothing designs, and no matter how hard he looked, he could not find what he had in mind. So he did what entrepreneurs do...he made the clothes himself! We meet DaVon two years into his journey. We talk about his inspiration, his designs, and how he gets it all done. | Michael and Kathy Dumont made a big bet by moving from New England to Tennessee. They bet that they could buy and revitalize a historic hotel in a small Tennessee town. What happened after The Commodore Hotel opened? How many businesses now surround it? What are the rewards and challenges of revitalizing a historic property? All of this and more in today\'s episode. | Walter Carter and his wife Christie spent decades working in the vintage guitar business...and they had a vision. It was a vision of a guitar store where kids and internationally-renowned musicians alike could feel comfortable playing and appreciating collectible stringed instruments. The business has grown rapidly, and in a short seven years, Carter Vintage Guitars has become a destination for musicians and fans of vintage instruments worldwide. We dug into Walter\'s philosophy, the pros and cons of a physical store in a digital world, Carter\'s social media and video strategy, and more! | Amy Dee got to Nashville and could not find what she wanted: A no-frills spot with a vintage vibe to listen to great country and blues music.\xa0 So she used all of her experience working in bars in New York City and all over the land to create Dee\'s Country Cocktail Lounge. She currently works with Daniel Walker, a great musician who is in charge of booking great acts for the venue, and what was a dream is now a reality. Dee\'s Lounge has an amazing vibe that is hard to pout into words...although we try our hardest in today\'s episode. | Lindsey Hein is the awesome host of "I\'ll Have Another with Lindsey Hein, a successful podcast about running. We talk about what it takes to make it as a podcaster, but her lessons are applicable to all creators, small businesses, and fans of good stories in general. | David Miller has decades of experience coaching small businesses, and he has seen a LOT. Today\'s episode is like sitting down with Coach...you will get decades of experience in under an hour....and you\'ll want to have a notepad! How do you make something the market wants? What exactly is luck? How can you maximize your chances of getting lucky? If you are serious about learning about how to run a small business...you won\'t want to miss this episode. \xa0 | What, exactly, is an HBIC? I didn\'t know until I met Stacy Ward Lattin, THE HBIC at Hopping Gnome. What are Stacy and her husband doing right in the increasingly exciting Wichita scene? What is Stacy\'s podcast about, and what else is she doing to inspire women entrepreneurs? All of this and more in today\'s show.', 'chan_desc': "Small businesses are the soul of America. This is where they tell their stories.We want to showcase how our stories bind us; how America is more united than it sometimes feels.Small Business War Stories is a weekly 30 minute show recorded in person with small business owners. We discuss different topics and get the triumphs, struggles, and funny stories from our guests' everyday lives.Hosted by Pablo Fuentes, CEO and Founder of Proven, the leading small business hiring tool.For more on the show, visit http://blog.proven.com/small-business-war-stories-podcast", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/70/96/52/709652e1-cc88-dc6e-f27e-cb167c2bcf0c/mza_6017413409100780480.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-01-25'}}

{'Brand Builder': {'title': 'Brand Builder', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Brand-Builder-id1065475', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'SnackNation & ForceBrands', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 296, 'play_count': 4201, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.snacknation.com/brandbuilder/'], 'ep_total': 121, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:36:15', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:26:41', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:42:07', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:32:51', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:34:37', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:49:13', 1], ['2019-08-19', '00:36:47', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:37:51', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:52:07', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:48:54', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'This week Jordan is going back to school, because our guest is Brenda Bailey-Hughes,\xa0a Sr. Lecturer at Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business -\xa0and Jordan\'s former professor. Brenda is a\xa0communication expert, and she has coached executives in Fortune 500 companies around the world, helping them understand their audience, build a personal brand, and become more effective executives. We go deep on the topic of influence - which, by the way, probably doesn\'t mean what you think it means - unlocking the 3 pillars of influential communication and the two dimensions of credibility. Why does all this matter? Because if you’re listening to this, there’s a good chance you\xa0have to make big pitches -\xa0to your board, to investors, to retailers - and Brenda’s here to help you nail that next big, important meeting. If that weren\'t enough, we also\xa0talk about design thinking, which is both a fascinating topic, and a useful framework that will help you create a stickier brand. Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands.  | Think about the one thing you love to do. It could be\xa0a task you perform in your job, in school, or in your everyday life.\xa0This is the thing that energizes you when you think about it, and motivates you to get up every day. When you\'re doing it, time seems to fly by, and you walk away with more energy than when you started. This is your unique ability, and designing your life (and work) to spend more time doing it is the secret to\xa0greater happiness and productivity. In this leadership-focused episode, we break down the concept of unique ability in the context of our working lives.\xa0You will learn:  What we mean by unique ability. How to discover your own unique ability. How to align our work with our unique ability. How to bring out unique ability in the people you work with.  BONUS EXERCISE: Love It / Loathe It Here\'s Marcus Buckingham\'s quick and easy strategy for discovering your unique ability:  Take a piece of paper and draw a line down the middle. On one side write “Loved It,” and the other write “Loathed It.” As you go through your week, reflect daily on the things that you looked forward to, that made time speed up, that energize, or that may have made you a little tired, but that you want to do again. Those all go in the “Loved It” category. Now think about everything you do that you put off, that makes time drag on, or that leave you completely drained and exhausted. Those go in the “Loathed It” category. Before long, you’ll have a clear picture of your strengths. The beauty of this method is that it’s not abstract – these are actual tasks, functions, or activities that you actually perform during your week. Now summarize your findings using specific action verbs (again, nothing abstract). For Marcus, these words were “interview” and “mingle” – he found that he loved\xa0interviewing\xa0people, but absolutely loathed\xa0mingling.  \xa0 Links  Dan Sullivan, Strategic Coach  | Is happiness something good leaders should care about?\xa0Ask most business leaders fifteen years ago, and you’d be hard pressed to find one\xa0who thought that happiness was a primary concern. Work\xa0should be\xa0about results, right? Happiness is incidental at best.\xa0 Or so we all thought. Then came Zappos\' visionary CEO Tony Hsieh, who realized that delivering happiness was a unifying theme throughout the business. Not only did delivering happiness sum up the ideal experience for his customer, but making happiness a\xa0primary\xa0concern internally actually\xa0drove results. There’s no one in the world who understands the power of Happiness better than this week’s guest, Jenn Lim. Jenn is the CEO and Chief Happiness Officer of Delivering Happiness, a consulting firm she founded with Tony Hsieh to inspire science-based happiness, passion and purpose at work, home and everyday life. Jenn was a foundational team member at Zappos, and in 2010 she led the launch of Tony’s book\xa0Delivering Happiness, which has sold over 600,000 copies worldwide. Jenn refers to Delivering Happiness as a book that became a company that became a global movement. This episode is all about how to supercharge your team with happiness. Jenn takes us through the Delivering Happiness framework, describes the life-changing events that led her to focus on positive psychology + the science of happiness, and shares her inspiring vision for the future of work. Links  DeliveringHappiness.com\xa0 Delivering Happiness on Facebook @DHMovement\xa0on Twitter Email Jenn directly: jenn@deliveringhappiness.com UC Berkeley  Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands.  | Our guests this week are Becky and Jeremy Dahl, the creative minds behind Bex Brands. Together they lead an agency that specializes in packaging design, brand identity, and brand management in the packaged goods industry (i.e., they are the perfect guests for Brand Builder). If Bex Brands sounds familiar, that might be because they’re the agency behind the transformative brand refresh and packaging redesign for Lily’s Sweets (episode 116). In fact it was our conversation with Lily\'s CEO Jane Miller that inspired this episode.\xa0We wanted to learn about\xa0the rebrand\xa0process from the agency side. How do they approach projects like these? What’s the best way to maximize\xa0the\xa0chances of success when working with a branding agency like theirs? Becky and Jeremy are the perfect people to provide this insight. In addition to Lily’s, they have worked with Chameleon, Once Upon a Farm, Dr. Praegar’s, and Primizie, just to name a few. We also really loved what they had to say about trends... and why they don\'t believe in them.\xa0 Links  Bex Brands Connect with\xa0Becky\xa0and\xa0Jeremy\xa0on LinkedIn  Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands.  | Our guest this week is Steven Izen, the CEO and founder of Lokai. In simplest terms, Lokai makes bracelets that promote balance. In every Lokai bracelet, one of the beads contains water from the top of Mount Everest and another contains mud from the Dead Sea - a reminder to stay humble in life’s high points and hopeful in life’s low points. The Lokai story is one of rapid, viral growth. They’ve sold 10 million units in about 6 years, and because they donate 10% of profits to charity, they’ve raised more than $8 million for charitable causes.\xa0 But while Lokai bracelets\xa0symbolize\xa0balance, the brand is coming out with a new functional product line that promotes balance in a much more tangible way.\xa0 Meet Elements by Lokai, a line of herbal tonic concentrates made with adaptogenic plants that work with your body to give it what it needs.\xa0 We talked to Steven about why a bracelet brand is launching a beverage, why athletes like Cam Newton love Lokai, plus how Lokai went viral in the first place. Links  Lokai Elements by Lokai\xa0(use promo code SNACKNATION for 50% off) Connect with\xa0Steven on LinkedIn  Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands.  | This week on Brand Builder, we\'re talking about one of the most important aspects of your brand, yet one that so often ends up being accidental, un-strategic, or even an afterthought. The name. Whether it’s your brand or a new SKU or product, a name is the ultimate first impression. And if you do it right, a name can do a lot of work for you - set a tone or mood, impart critical information, or communicate a core value. To\xa0tell us how to do it right, we’ve got Aaron Hall, the Group Director of Naming at Siegel+Gale. Aaron has one of the coolest jobs in the world - he’s a professional namer. We talk to Aaron about all things naming, and go deep into his process to find the perfect name. Links  Siegel+Gale Connect with\xa0Aaron on LinkedIn  Recommended Reading   Aaron\'s blog on movement and creativity  Aaron\'s blog on naming guidelines Video:\xa0Siegel+Gale, The Power of Naming  Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands.  \xa0 | Our guest this week is Jane Miller, the CEO of Lily’s sweets. Lily’s make a\xa0line of delicious chocolate bars, baking bits and baking bars that have less than 1 gram of sugar per serving.\xa0\xa0 Jane represents a slightly different type of guest for us. She\'s a CEO with 35 years of food business experience... but not a founder. Jane’s background is as a high level executive at places like Heinz and Frito Lay, and she joined Lily\'s with a specific goal in mind: help scale the business. With a new look, new SKUs, and the rising tide of awareness\xa0around\xa0the\xa0drawbacks\xa0of too much sugar, the brand is poised for mainstream success. This role is a new challenge for Jane as well. She’s used to coming in and fixing things that are broken at big organizations. Now she’s on a total rocket ship ride - which brings a whole new set of\xa0obstacles to overcome.\xa0 In this episode, we talk about the Lily’s rebrand, Jane’s personal philosophy of "running your own race," and the surprising way they use data to find their sweet spot. Links  Lily\'s Sweets Connect with\xa0Jane on LinkedIn Bex Brands\xa0 Check out entrepreneur, photographer, and Brand Builder listener @quinngunter\xa0on Instagram.\xa0  Recommended Reading   Tiny Beautiful Things\xa0by\xa0Cheryl Strayed  Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands.  | This week, a conversation with Omaze co-founder and CEO Ryan Cummins. Omaze is an online fundraising platform that offers once-in-a-lifetime experiences and exclusive merchandise in support of charitable causes. They\'ve worked with a who\'s-who of A-list celebrities, including the cast of Game of Thrones, George Clooney, the gang from It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia... and that’s barely scratching the surface . But what Omaze really does is tell stories. Their philanthropic model relies on getting consumers excited, and they do that through their incredibly creative campaigns.\xa0They\'ve raised more than $150M for over 400 different charities. Now that’s impact. If you’re a mission-driven brand, you\xa0need\xa0to\xa0 leverage the power of storytelling in order to move your mission forward. That’s what this episode is about. Takeaways  How\xa0storytelling and philanthropy\xa0inspired\xa0Ryan to found Omaze with partner Matt Pohlson. Why Omaze practices radical candor when it comes to providing feedback, and an easy\xa0tactic to ensure feedback is communicated effectively. How to become an effective\xa0 leader, and how to continually improve your leadership skills.\xa0 How\xa0to transform fear and self-doubt into a powerful tool of self transformation.  Links  Omaze Harrison Ford Star Wars campaign The Omaze blog Omaze.com @ryan_cummins\xa0on Twitter @Omaze\xa0on Twitter  Recommended Reading   A Short History of Nearly Everything\xa0by Bill Bryson  Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands.  | If you\'re a business\xa0leader, employee happiness should never be your goal. Sound strange? That\'s\xa0according to today’s Brand Builder guest, David Hassell. David is a serial entrepreneur and the CEO and founder of\xa015five, software that makes continuous employee feedback simple, and helps drive high-performing cultures. We talked to David about a wide range of subjects, but what we found most interesting was his belief that the goal of his product is not to make employees happy, but to help them\xa0become\xa0their best selves, and ultimately to create an environment where they can perform at their highest level. 15five\'s product and philosophy has been a huge hit with enterprises of all sizes, and they recently closed a $30.7M series B round.\xa0 We think you\'ll find David\'s point of view highly valuable - especially\xa0since we know a lot of you are working with remote employees and need an efficient feedback loop, or\xa0just\xa0want\xa0to empower your team\xa0to direct their own personal and professional growth.\xa0 Takeaways  David tells us how he discovered the concept of 15five, and why he decided to create a company around the practice. David stresses the importance of having a purpose in one’s work, and tells us why he struggled with starting the right company before landing on the idea for 15five. David explains why he thinks the term “Human Resources” should be phased out immediately. David breaks down the difference between eustress and distress, and explains why discomfort actually breeds innovation. David clarifies that the goal of your organization shouldn’t be happiness, but high performance, and explains why. David tells us the most important trait he looks for when interviewing potential employees, and gives us his strategies to help find people willing to experience personal breakthroughs. David explains why he thinks money is a threshold, and tells us what motivates people once that threshold is achieved.  Links  15five.com @15five\xa0on Twitter @dhassell\xa0on Twitter David\xa0on LinkedIn David’s\xa0Best Self Podcast 15five\'s\xa0core values Zoom\xa0video conferencing.  Recommended Reading   Speed of Trust\xa0by Stephen M.R. Covey  The Alliance\xa0by\xa0Reid Hoffman, Ben Casnocha, and Chris Yeh  Mindset\xa0by Carol Dweck  Start With Why\xa0by Simon Sinek\xa0 Simon Sinek’s\xa0TED Talk  Unique Ability\xa0by Catherine Nomura\xa0  Drive\xa0by Daniel Pink  Give and Take\xa0by Adam Grant\xa0 "The Person They\'ll Become" by Jason Fried  Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands.  | How important is my logo? Should I hire a full time designer?\xa0 Do I need to rebrand?\xa0Can\xa0I rebrand? What\'s a brand book anyway? This week we learn the answer to all these questions and more from veteran Creative Director Eric Wilkinson, who teaches us the secrets of creating an irresistible brand identity. Brand Checklist (make sure your brand does this if you want a brand that sells)  Design a scalable logo\xa0- your logo isn\'t your brand, but it does need to do a job, and scalability is the most important factor. Design a logo that is legible at a variety of sizes, including on a mobile screen. Invest in high quality lifestyle and product imagery\xa0- a picture tells a thousand words. Invest in imagery that tells the right story. It\'s arguably the most important brand touchpoint. Maintain a consistent voice across all channels\xa0- in our social media age, so much of your brand is communicated through copy. Nailing that voice is critical. Create\xa0consistent URLs and social handles/tags\xa0- again, because social media is often the primary means of communicating your brand, avoid confusion with consistency across all platforms. Create your Brand Book\xa0- this exercise ensures internal alignment and brand consistency across all channels. Hit the streets!\xa0Your brand can - and should - change with your customer. Get that feedback early and often  Links   Classic Brand Book examples  Beginner\'s guide to color theory  SnackNation Insights Connect with\xa0Eric on LinkedIn  EZER Snacks   Join our Exclusive Facebook Group!  What\'s your biggest takeaway from the episode? Join our invite-only, private\xa0Facebook group\xa0just for Brand Builder Community members, where you can connect with fellow entrepreneurs and founders, crowdsource ideas, share best practices (or lessons learned), and get your most important questions answered.\xa0Join now! Facebook.com/groups/brandbuilderpod Brand Builder is\xa0a co-production of\xa0SnackNation\xa0and\xa0ForceBrands. ', 'chan_desc': 'Brand Builder brings you the people, stories, and lessons learned from the most innovative brands in the world. Presented by SnackNation. Hosted by Sean Kelly, Jordan Cohen, and Jeff Murphy. Similar to How I Built This, The Dave Ramsey Show, and Seeking Wisdom by Drift.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts118/v4/4f/4b/33/4f4b3317-65ac-a083-6ae4-37a7bcbf7fe9/mza_5773942287424810353.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-10-05'}}

{'The Live Free Podcast with Micala Quinn': {'title': 'The Live Free Podcast with Micala Quinn', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Live-Free-Podcast-with-Micala-Quinn-id1407497', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Micala Quinn', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 122, 'play_count': 5000, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://micalaquinn.com/blog/'], 'ep_total': 74, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:21:29', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:39:28', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:47:34', 1], ['2019-09-16', '00:20:19', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:45:57', 1], ['2019-09-04', '00:31:43', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:39:27', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:27:16', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:51:03', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:46:58', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this episode we\'re talking about EXCUSES and don\'t worry, we all make them so this is not a shaming episode! I\'m even sharing some of the excuses I catch myself in right now and how I\'m deciding to accept them or change them. My goal with this episode is to help you become aware of excuses you may be making, recognize if excuses are holding you back and then to give you tools to stop making them so you can achieve your goals! I\'m also talking about one of my favorite solutions to one of my excuses -- Homechef! Go to MicalaQuinn.com/dinner to get $30 off your first box. Let me know what you think when you try it! Thanks for spending this time with me today! Check out the show notes for all the links and resources mentioned in this episode. Let me know what excuses you\'re working through over in the Live Free Podcast Mastermind fb group! I love to hear your takeaways! SHOW NOTES: www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode74 | This is a special WAHM success story episode because I\'m featuring not one but two awesome ladies from my paid program! Jennifer DeWitt and Amber Swindler were once strangers that decided to take a chance on each other and become accountability partners. Listen in to hear the impact this has made in their businesses over the year! We talk about how they started their accountability relationship and how you can do the same for your business. Plus we cover how each of these ladies have found success individually as freelancers. Thanks for spending time with us today! I hope you enjoy Jennifer and Amber as much as I did and will look for your own accountability partner in the Live Free Podcast Mastermind fb group! Put yourself out there and see what type of relationship you can build! SHOW NOTES: www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode73 | Samantha Johnston is back on the podcast and I\'m so excited for you to hear from her again! You may remember her from episode 4, our first guest interview! In that interview, Samantha told the story of how she took her hobby and made it into a design business, and with no design degree or professional experience! In this episode, Samantha shares 3 of the missteps and mindset shifts she has made over her 8 years of being a freelancer. These are so good and I know that whether you\'re just starting out or not, you\'re going to learn a lot! Don\'t forget that this is the last week of our big giveaway! You\'ve still got time to collect enough points to be a winner so don\'t miss out! Head over to MicalaQuinn.com/giveaway to sign up! Thanks so much for spending time with me today, I really do love it. Find all the links and resources mentioned in today\'s show in the show notes! If you learned something from this episode, let us know in the Live Free Podcast Mastermind fb group! Talk to you there! SHOW NOTES: www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode72 | "Scaling your business" is such a buzz-worthy phrase right now but what does it really look like to scale a service-based business? Do you NEED passive income and if yes, when should you focus on adding it? In this episode, I give you 3 things to consider when scaling your business. And when I say "scale" I mean increasing your income without increasing the hours you work! We cover how to evaluate if you\'re ready to scale, the pros and cons of creating a course, if you should consider starting an agency, and how to scale your business by offering a premium service. Thanks for listening! Let me know your thoughts on scaling and if you want to hear more about this topic! Just head over to the Live Free Podcast Mastermind fb group or connect with me on Instagram at Micala.Quinn! Talk to you there! SHOW NOTES: www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode71 | Do you have your goals set on time freedom - the ability to be with a sick kiddo and not feel guilty for missing work or attend a school event in the middle of the day? Our guest today, NJ Rongner set a goal similar to this when her daughter was born. She had a specific vision of what she wanted her life to look like by the time her daughter was in kindergarten. On this episode, NJ shares her journey from corporate job to blogger to VA to marketing consultant and the hustle it took to get where she wanted to go. What does your hustle look like right now? What will you sacrifice to make your big vision a reality? Let us know over in the Live Free Podcast Mastermind fb group! Check out the show notes for all the links mentioned in this show including NJ\'s facebook group and my episode on her podcast! Thanks so much for spending time with me today! If you enjoyed this episode, share it with a friend that is dreaming, planning, or questioning if time freedom could be a reality for her. Talk soon! SHOW NOTES: www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode70 | Most of the women I talk to are dying to quit their full-time job, but not all! That\'s why I\'m bringing one of my fabulous students on the show today, video editor Kimberly Werkmeister! Kim is a full time musician who wears a lot of creative hats! She taught herself how to edit video for her music career and realized what I need there was. I loved hearing how Kim is using freelancing to accomplish her goals and how she could grow her business in the future as her family changes. In this episode, we cover how to utilize personal connections when you are just starting out, how to create the business you want, and how your business will continue to pivot. Freelancing is a solution for moms wanting to quit their jobs, just make a little extra money, or anything in between! Each of us has our own goals and therefore there isn\'t a one-size-fits-all solution! As Kim says in our interview - you just have to get out there and try. Thanks for joining me today for another WAHM success story! Show Kim some love in the Live Free Podcast Mastermind (especially for singing for us on demand!) Check out the show notes for all the links and resources mentioned in this episode. Talk to you soon! SHOW NOTES:\xa0www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode69 | Can you believe it? Today marks the podcast being one year old! At the end of this episode, I\'m going over our month-long giveaway so stayed tuned! You can join the giveaway at MicalaQuinn.com/giveaway. Today we\'re sitting down to chat about work, whether you love it or hate it, and how moms need more options than the black and white decision of being a working mom or a SAHM. I challenge you to do your own journaling on this topic - why do you work? What do you get out of work personally? Let us know over in the Live Free Podcast Mastermind too. Thanks for joining me today! Check out the show notes for all the links and resources mentioned in today\'s show and don\'t forget to sign up for the giveaway! I am so grateful for your support. Talk soon! SHOW NOTES: www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode68 | One of the most popular questions I get is, "Can I make consistent income as a freelancer though?" The answer is YES and in today\'s episode I share the key to consistent income you can rely on and even quit your job for! We cover the benefits of retainer clients, what services lend toward retainer clients, how to think creatively if your service doesn\'t lend towards retainer clients, AND 3 ways to avoid the feast-or-famine cycle! Thanks for listening! Come share in the Live Free Podcast Mastermind facebook group your income goal, how many clients you need to reach it, and where you\'re at in the process. We\'ll hold you accountable and cheer you on! See you there! SHOW NOTES:\xa0www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode67 | I\'m so excited to introduce you to Angie Trueblood on this episode of the Live Free Podcast! Angie is the pitch queen when it comes to getting yourself (or your clients!) more visibility, especially on podcasts. In this episode, Angie shares how to craft the perfect pitch, how to find the best podcasts to pitch to, and why the "pitch and pray" approach is not the best. Whether you\'re looking to add this service to your business or you\'re interested in getting more visibility yourself, you are going to learn so much from Angie! Get Angie\'s workflow at AngieTrueblood.com/Micala and head over to the show notes for the rest of the links and resources mentioned in today\'s show! Thanks for spending time with me today - I so appreciate it! Don\'t forget to hit subscribe so you don\'t miss an episode and if you love the show, share it with a mama friend that needs to know she has options! Thanks again and I\'ll talk to you soon! SHOW NOTES: www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode66 | We\'ve got something special planned for this episode of the Live Free Podcast! My podcast producer, Lauren Wrighton, is here to talk about podcast management, the lessons she\'s learned from 1.5 years as a freelancer, and we have a special flash sale for you! When you buy my paid program, Overwhelmed to Overbooked this Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, you will get Lauren\'s course on how to become a podcast manager as a bonus! This deal is for those of you that are loyal podcast listeners and that are listening right when the episode goes live. Just click HERE on August 12, 13, or 14, purchase my program and you will get Lauren\'s course too! Thanks for listening and sharing the show with your friends - I so appreciate it! Check out the show notes for the rest of the links and resources mentioned in this episode. If this episode got you thinking about niching down and you haven\'t listened to last week\'s episode, do that now and head over to the fb group to get your questions answered! Talk soon! SHOW NOTES: www.MicalaQuinn.com/episode65', 'chan_desc': 'How do I get started? What if I fail? Who will hire me? Is it really possible to create a consistent, full-time income from home?Welcome to the Live Free Podcast with Micala Quinn where we will be answering these questions PLUS many more! Whether you’re just starting your freelance business (heck even if you don’t know what freelancing is yet) or you’re looking to scale, this podcast will give you tangible business advice along with inspiring interviews to help you create a life and career that works for YOU and YOUR family.Your host, Micala Quinn, started out teaching high-school English, but when her first child was born, she immediately began searching for something more. She wanted a way to stay-at-home with her daughter (and future babies), but still needed to bring in a full-time income to help support her family. Micala started freelancing, quickly replaced her full-time income, and now helps other moms (like you) get started and grow their freelance business from scratch to 5K and beyond! She believes that being a working mom or a stay-at-home mom no longer needs to be a black and white decision. You CAN have both. On your terms!Our motto is Mom Strong, Work Smart, and Live Free. Are you in? We’d love for you to join us each Monday, as well as in our Live Free Podcast Facebook community micalaquinn.com/facebook. To check out our show notes go to micalaquinn.com/blog.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/c9/85/bf/c985bf25-96f1-41cf-c2e6-4e107780198a/mza_4763435212438348253.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-08-25'}}

{'Grit': {'title': 'Grit', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Grit-id2089865', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jessica Stansberry', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 88, 'play_count': 1595, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://gritpodcast.co'], 'ep_total': 50, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:27:20', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:33:22', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:38:02', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:25:27', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:35:39', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:24:45', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:21:48', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:27:42', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:54:00', 0], ['2019-08-26', '01:02:09', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Have you ever struggled with guilt? Like, Momma guilt or working Mom guilt or #allthethings guilt? Maybe you\'re struggling with wanting it all and that makes you feel guilty? Well, I have news, I have the key to beating that guilt in today\'s episode. \xa0 Follow me on the \'gram www.instagram.com/jessicastansberry | You have to be OK being that person. You have to do the things that person does. You have to BELIEVE that you can do it. | Here\'s how to plan out Q4 for success, heck, use these tips to plan out ANY quarter for success! \xa0 Sign up for 100 to Best You now, signup closes 9/23! | Instead of trying to be the best at things you\'re NOT good at, why not try and improve your skills on the things you ARE good at?!? Like, not great a math? Why are you trying to be the best at math? Be the best at English because you\'re better there. Whatever it is, we all have something that we try and be the best at that is just not a natural God-given strength...let\'s stop, k? \xa0 Join the 100 to Best You Challenge! ---> www.100tobestyou.com | Ever seen those graphics where the mom is balancing 100 plates, while taking a phone call, wiping a baby\'s butt and she has to have 4,000 arms to do it? Well, Newsflash homegirl, you don\'t have 4,000 arms so whatever plates you\'re balancing need to be carefully selected. Whether it\'s business or life you\'ve GOT to get control. Here\'s how. \xa0 Join the 100 to Best You Challenge!!! www.100tobestyou.com | You\'ve got 100 days to be the best you and have the best business that you possibly can...are you going to do it?! \xa0 Sign up for the free challenge (or upgrade) at www.100tobestyou.com | You\'ve been on a plane and heard them say "put your oxygen mask on before helping others", right? WEll, if you haven\'t, that\'s a thing. And, it\'s a thing because we HAVE to take care of ourself and be a little selfish sometimes to take care of the people and things around us. Today we\'re chatting in thsi short episode about how to set and keep promises to YOURSELF. \xa0 Join me at Shiftworklive.com Come hang on the \'gram. | I went from someone who didn\'t think they could sell and didn\'t like "sales" to someone who feels like she could sell anything to anyone, seriously. What changed my that? Confidence. Let me tell you how you can embrace your confidence and why it\'ll help your bottom line in today\'s episode. \xa0 Join me in ATL at Shiftwork Live ----> www.shiftworklive.com Come hang on the gram ----> www.instagram.com/jessicastansberry | There are some really SIMPLE, really impactful things I\'ve done to improve my life and my business that I want to share with you today. Like, these aren\'t rocket science and they\'re not things like "youtube" or "funnels", they\'re kinda cliche and kinda off the beaten path and you\'re going to want to give it a listen! \xa0 Join me in Atlanta at Shiftwork Live Join the Inner Circle! Come hang on the \'gram | Alright y\'all, I don\'t normally bring up big, whole episodes around my faith but this needs to be talked about. Can you be "woo woo" and Christian? HOW do you embrace the "woo woo" stuff while still being a Christian? ALL THE THINGS. Let\'s go. \xa0 Join me at Shiftwork Live ---> www.shiftworklive.com Join the inner circle ---> www.jessicasinnercircle.com \xa0 Come hang with me on the \'gram ----> www.instagram.com/jessicastansberry', 'chan_desc': "The Grit Podcast is designed to help women step into their calling and hit new levels of success. Hosted by Jessica Stansberry, each week there's new episodes with booty-kicking advice and strategies to up-level and get the business and life you want.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/76/18/1c/76181c6f-0100-a5ed-06a3-7a82f7252ed0/mza_7078462721861682354.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-04-03'}}

{'The Sales Evangelist': {'title': 'The Sales Evangelist', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Sales-Evangelist-id1500102', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Donald Kelly', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2018, 'play_count': 35033, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/DonaldCKelly', 'https://thesalesevangelist.com'], 'ep_total': 1182, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:28:16', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:39:04', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:15:14', 1], ['2019-09-27', '00:25:53', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:28:11', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:33:31', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:32:32', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:12:45', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:27:33', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:10:34', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Use Contact Marketing to Breakthrough to Anyone \xa0 Prospecting is always a challenge for sellers, but it’s possible to contact marketing to break through to anyone.\xa0 Stu Heinecke is a Wall Street Journal cartoonist, a marketer, and an author. Stu has been nominated for the marketing hall of fame twice and has authored the popular book,  How to Get a Meeting with Anyone. There are many ways salespeople can contact their clients and make a breakthrough, Stu’s book helps you navigate the whole process of reaching out to various clients. Stu is now writing his second book about how business cards can help salespeople reach out to prospective clients and what makes these business cards so special.\xa0 In the business industry, he helps his clients’ sales teams break through their top prospects. Contact marketing to breakthrough to anyone\xa0 Stu is a fan of great business cards. Unfortunately in this digital day, clients aren’t keen on business cards anymore. The tables have shifted and they’re no longer given much emphasis as compared to then. This is saddening when in the sales world, a business card is the first conquest point to form a meeting. People just type out names and numbers directly to their phone and check them out later on. The thing about this is that most of the time, clients won’t even remember the name of the sales rep they talked to. Thus, we go back to the basics, only this time, we upgrade it into something more.\xa0 From cards to devices\xa0 Say goodbye to business cards and hello to engagement devices. The regular business cards aren’t impressing people anymore, especially those with long titles. So, instead of giving them a card, you give them an engagement device.\xa0 An example of this is Kevin Mitnick’s card. It’s a piece of thin metal that has been cut out. When you try to pull out the little pieces, it gives you a lock picking set. You can see the details etched into the metal. The card isn’t just a card, it’s also a metaphor of what he does for companies. He makes virtual locks and offers it to companies to keep hackers away from breaking into their system.\xa0 There are no logos, words, and descriptions in the card. The card speaks for what the company does.\xa0 The goal is to make business cards serve as visual metaphors of what you do best. It still fits in their pocket but they use it differently and not only for when they give you a call.\xa0 How does contact marketing work? These new business cards all tie up to the contact marketing model. Businesses should be able to set a baseline for a response. The goal is to have a 100% breakthrough to everybody that we make a bargain.\xa0 You do that by giving them an impressive card that points to your landing page. Seeing how wisely done your card is, they’ll be more curious about what your landing page has in store. This might be the start of conversion.\xa0 Stu’s book has a great compilation of stories about how they can begin their campaigns using contact marketing. His books are filled with ideas that you can borrow and apply to your own journey towards contact marketing to breakthrough to anyone.\xa0 Reach people using relevant, timely, and high-value campaigns. #SalesHacks Do not be intimidated by the positions of the people you want to reach. You need to believe that you belong in that space because of the value that you bring.\xa0 Contact marketing is sales and marketing working together. It’s a micro-focused campaign where you can spend some money, but the expenditure will be nowhere near the marketing costs.\xa0 “Use Contact Marketing to Break Through to Anyone” episode resources Connect with Stu Heinecke on his LinkedIn account. You can also check out his books on  Amazon.\xa0 If you have sales questions, concerns, and great stories to share, don’t hesitate to connect with Donald via LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.\xa0 This episode is brought to you in-part by  TSE Certified Sales Training Program. It’s a program designed to help sales rep get from where you are now to where you can be in the future. Every seller should be making six- figures and this can be achieved with our rigorous training schedule and group coaching. Join us for a new semester beginning each quarter.\xa0 Sign up now and get the  first two modules for free! You can also call us at (561) 570-5077.\xa0 Read more about sales or listen to audiobooks at Audible as well and explore this huge online library. Register now to get a free book and a 30-day free trial.\xa0 If you like this episode, do give us a thumbs up and rating on Apple Podcast,  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify. We produce high-quality podcasts weekly so make sure to subscribe to get more of these sales talks that matter! Share this with your friends and teach them how to subscribe as well.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | What Are The 6 Critical Steps To Developing a Successful Sales Strategy? Sales strategies aren’t born from thin air; rather, there are six critical steps to developing a successful sales strategy.\xa0 Lance Tyson is an author and speaker who runs his own training company. Tyson group has been ranked by Selling Powers as one of the Top 20 sales organizations in the world. It has been operating for 15 years and invested in Dale Carnegie Training in 2010. They work in the sports entertainment industry and one of their biggest customers is the football team, the Raiders. They coordinate with the sales team to sell premium tickets, sponsorships, suites, and others. They also work with Michael Jordan’s company and several tech companies where they coach, train, and consult with their sales teams.\xa0 Lance isn’t just teaching; he is also out there grinding and doing all the sales work that his salespeople are doing.\xa0 Six steps to developing a successful sales strategy\xa0 Attitude, perseverance, and grit aren’t part of the steps. These things must always be present but let’s think of outcome first. In some cultures, the word relations isn’t great and it’s often overused. We prefer the term rapport. This is one of the three outcomes you need to go after. Partner rapport with credibility. While rapport gives you influence, credibility gives you people\' trust. The third is one is showing a level of understanding. These three are the beginning of the steps to developing a successful sales strategy which is the following:\xa0  Connect Evaluate Diagnose Prescribe Dialogue Close  Connect We talk about connecting with others all the time but the conversation of connecting is different today. You may be trying to deal with a level of preoccupation by the buyer. You have to connect with people via text, email, or voicemail. You then talk to people and build rapport. The fragmented conversations can be broken down and taken to connect step to overcome preoccupation. This will lead to building rapport, credibility, and a\xa0 level of understanding.\xa0 Evaluate When you go to your doctor’s appointment, one of the first things they do is to evaluate you. The same is true in sales. We evaluate our prospects to determine whether they’re interested or not. Other businesses call this assessment while some refer to it as an opportunity. Whatever you call it, it’s the step where salespeople deal with the inherent objection of disinterest.\xa0\xa0 Diagnose and Prescribe This is where salespeople make an educated guess. Ask yourself what they need most and do not forget about creating a level of comfort. A lot of salespeople walk in the door and make assumptions based on their grand experience, they then ask a few questions. You need to talk to the clients through their feelings and their thoughts. You need to look at their past, their present, and the future to make a good diagnosis. After the evaluation and diagnosis, you make a prescription.\xa0 Dialogue and Close\xa0 After getting your prescription, your next step would probably be talking with your doctor and asking questions so as to get a clear understanding of your health problem. In the same manner, after giving your prescription as a salesperson, your next step is to have a dialogue to overcome any form of objection. Ultimately, having every question answered, your next step is to close.\xa0 Researcher or salesperson The biggest challenge right now is the confusion that most salespeople are stuck in which happens in the connect step. Inside sales reps are responsible for prospecting. You can’t trust everything that’s written on LinkedIn and you can’t just get somebody without fact-checking what their bio says. This creates a problem for sales reps because they often feel like they don’t have enough information to move forward. Thus, the confusion of whether to spend more time on researching about the prospects or looking for prospects to pitch.\xa0 It gets harder because it takes at least six touches to get in contact with a target and another six to get an appointment. Salespeople are now trying to cheat the process and just connect because they’re exhausted.\xa0 Many sales reps these days just sell their whole service in one move. They’d say it’s free and without obligation. This is a mistake that many salespeople make. Instead of getting on the phone and pouring it out in one go, sales reps must be patient and sell one piece at a time.\xa0 In sales, don’t expect to get one yes; rather, aim to get a series of yeses. #SalesGoal\xa0 If you can’t sell time, you can’t sell your products or services and that’s what people in sales lack: time.\xa0\xa0 Getting better in evaluation\xa0 We do a lot of sales assessment and we do predictive index studies on people to see where they’re weak and to know where to start on their training. We’ve seen that salespeople are often not good facilitators. What most salespeople do is spray and pray. They start asking questions right away without getting into the introduction stage of presenting what’s going to happen in this meeting.\xa0 Salespeople can evaluate better if they learn how to facilitate and set things up better. Sales isn’t just about asking questions, it’s also about facilitating the meeting well and making good set-up. Evaluation is a back-and-forth process. You ask questions and they answer, all the while maintaining a good grip on where the conversation is going.\xa0 On prescribing There has to be a level of dramatization in prescribing. Salespeople need to make prospects understand that reason why they want what they want. Dramatize your pitch the way they want it.\xa0 You are trying to overcome doubt in the prescribed step. So, describe your products and your services in a way that answers a few questions. Don’t just state facts. Learn to become a storyteller because that’s how you make them listen.\xa0 Remember the six critical steps to developing a successful sales: you connect, then evaluate, then diagnose. After these, you make the prescription, have the dialogue, and close. Take your sales per process and see where you are and where you’re potential customers are. Make sure that both of you are on the same spot, if not, take a stop and go back or move forward. “Steps To Developing a Successful Sales Strategy” episode resources\xa0 Connect with Lance Tyson on Twitter, LinkedIn, and his website, Tyson Group.\xa0 Don’t hesitate to\xa0 connect with Donald via LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.\xa0 Wanting to learn and hear more about sales? This episode is brought to you in-part by  TSE Certified Sales Training Program. It’s a program designed to help sales reps get from where they\xa0 are now to where they can be in the future. Every seller should be making six figures and this can be achieved with our rigorous training schedule and group coaching. Join us for a new semester beginning each quarter.\xa0 Sign up now and get the  first two modules for free! You can also call us at (561)570-5077.\xa0 Read more about sales or listen to audiobooks at Audible as well and explore this huge online library. Register now to get a free book and a 30-day free trial. One of the great books right now is the StoryBrand by Donald Miller, do give that a go.\xa0 If you like this episode, do give us a thumbs up and rating on Apple Podcast,  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify. We produce podcasts weekly so make sure to subscribe to get more of these sales talks that matter! Share this with your friends and teach them how to subscribe as well.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | Changes to The Sales Evangelist Podcast The time has come to bring some changes to The Sales Evangelist podcast. The TSE podcast has been around for six years and over time, we’ve been mentioned in a number of magazines including Yahoo Finance, Entrepreneur, Huffington Post, Forbes, HubSpot, and others.\xa0 This all goes back to you for sharing the content with your friends and for helping us grow over the years. The podcast continues to evolve to adapt to the needs of the industry. Starting this October, there will be a couple of changes to The Sales Evangelist Podcast.\xa0 Humble beginnings The podcast has been around for a long time and it’s because of your support. We kept on going and pushing forward because we have the passion and drive for it. We started with two episodes a week: one 10-minute tip and one with a sales expert who’d give us advice. We then jumped to doing podcasts three days a week and later on, to five days a week. The team grew and the quality of content improved.\xa0 We started without getting paid but in time, opportunities and sponsorships came along.\xa0 The six years presented great chances to learn from the best in the podcast industry and I’ve had the privilege of emceeing the Podcast Movement, the world’s largest podcast gathering. I met many podcast leaders who are very successful in the podcast space. The interaction taught me to keep improving the quality of the content to differentiate from the stiff competition in the industry.\xa0 Changes to The Sales Evangelist Podcast\xa0 The stats and community have spoken. The majority of listeners listen to two or three episodes a week, saying that they don’t have time and there are too many to keep up with all the episodes produced.\xa0 We have decided our episodes from five a week to three a week. Of the three episodes, two of them will be 30 minutes long and will include guests. The Wednesday episodes will be 10 minutes long and will be a little different.\xa0 Send in your questions, concerns, and challenges, and we will address them on the podcast. #SalesQuestions It is also a miniseries with a combo of interview, journalism, and storytelling. This will start in October and the first series is about the Accidental Seller and why 41%-43% of salespeople fell into sales. The next series will be about some of the most successful bestsellers in history and what made them so compelling.\xa0 The episodes will go live on Monday and Friday mornings at 2:30 AM EST. \xa0 Our friends from Australia can listen to the podcast after they get off of work. Our listeners in Europe can get access to it a little bit earlier. As for our great listeners from California, you can have your early morning grind while listening to our podcast.\xa0 The podcast will also have a new look starting this October.\xa0 We’re putting more focus on the storytelling aspect and research for our podcast. You can listen to the episodes on Pandora, Spotify, Stitcher, Google, and iHeart.\xa0 The websites will also have some changes. It will be easier to receive a notification whenever a new episode loads. You can also opt-in to get emails and recaps of your favorite episodes.\xa0 In time, we’ll also dive into YouTube. We are planning on repurposing our content to put it on YouTube.\xa0 “Changes to The Sales Evangelist Podcast” episode resources You’ll start seeing these changes starting this week. You’ve all helped us grow and we want to know your thoughts. Don’t hesitate to connect with Donald via LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.\xa0 Wanting to learn and hear more about sales? This episode is brought to you in-part by  TSE Certified Sales Training Program. It’s a program designed to help sales rep get from where you are now to where you can be in the future. Every seller should be making six- figures and this can be achieved with our rigorous training schedule and group coaching. Join us for a new semester beginning each quarter.\xa0 Sign up now and get the  first two modules for free! You can also call us at (561) 570-5077.\xa0 Read more about sales or listen to audiobooks at Audible as well and explore this huge online library. Register now to get a free book and a 30-day free trial. One of the great books right now is  Sales Management Simplified by Mike Wineberg, do give that a go.\xa0 If you like this episode, do give us a thumbs up and rating on Apple Podcast,  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify. We produce podcasts weekly so make sure to subscribe to get more of these sales talks that matter! Share this with your friends and teach them how to subscribe as well.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | Even if you consider yourself a fiercely independent seller, you’ll sometimes need help from others because you can’t do it all on your own. Adam Carswell works for Concordia Realty Corporation, a private equity firm that invests in shopping centers. His company works with smaller mom-and-pop investors who can’t make million-dollar contributions and pools their capital with other investors.\xa0 No siloes\xa0 Adam worked as a residential realtor in 2017 when he decided he wanted to break free. He didn’t want to join a team and work within a system. He wanted to pursue his own course.\xa0 He achieved significant success in his first year and expected the second year would be the same. Unfortunately, it was the opposite.\xa0 Numerous deals fell through and he wasn’t sure what to do next. He was in a serious relationship so he hid his financial struggles, but that decision eventually blew up in his face. He looks back now and realizes that if he had swallowed his pride and accepted support from the people around him, he would have been in a better position. Though he doesn’t always get it exactly right now, he tries to apply the lessons to everything he does now.\xa0 Lost earnings The fact that Adam had enjoyed great success prior to that point drove him to avoid accepting help from other people. He learned to routinely evaluate whether he was being prideful on any given day.\xa0 Adam estimates that he earned about 50 percent less money the second year than he did the first year. Given that he hadn’t changed his spending habits over that time, it felt like a huge shortfall.\xa0 Roadmap to success Every industry has a roadmap to success unless, of course, you’re paving a new path. Adam points to the fact that he came up with some creative, successful prospecting ideas, and he closed a few deals as a result.\xa0 He dropped off Oreos once a month to one prospect. He hosted open houses on Sundays. He took advice and applied some of it, but he didn’t enjoy the resources of a larger team. His sister works as a realtor now for a company that has a big database, CRM, drip email campaigns, and other tools that he didn’t know how to set up. As a result, she has enjoyed early success.\xa0 Find and develop experience using a sales process that works. Then you can tweak it to fit your individual style. #SalesProcess Blinded by optimism Adam points to his optimistic outlook as a reason he didn’t recognize the problems as quickly. He was blindsided by the shortfall because he operated with a continued belief that things would work out.\xa0 Now, in addition to his experience, he points to his faith as a support mechanism. He leans on his belief in God to help him know what to do.\xa0 He recognizes now that even when he was young his parents taught him that he’s never really doing things on his own.\xa0 Someone you trust Adam advises sellers to get in with someone you trust and a system that works. Learn the system, even if it’s only for a brief period. Until you get comfortable making a jump or putting your own spin on it, stick to the script.\xa0 Adam’s brother works in sales for a company with outstanding sales training, and he got lots of pushback when he tried to tweak the script during training. He learned that, at least at the beginning, you have to stick to the script, because they use it for a reason. It’s structured a certain way because that’s the process that works. The company has data and stats to prove its effectiveness. There’s no need for you to reinvent a process for a company that has already enjoyed success. Begin by understanding why they do it the way they do.\xa0 Add value first. When you’re new, be willing to listen and do what you’re asked to do. Once you earn your stripes and understand the process, then you can do your thing more successfully. Outsource If you can find someone who can do a task 80 percent as well as you can, and you have the capability to outsource it, do it. You’ll free up time for yourself and give yourself room to grow. You’ll also make room for the other person to grow.\xa0 Adam, for example, has a drip campaign that his virtual assistant operates, and she arguably does it better than he does. It allows him to maximize himself.\xa0 Even at TSE, once I relinquished certain tasks to other people who were arguably better at those tasks, it freed me up to do the tasks that I’m really good at. I earned more money by spending a little money to outsource.\xa0 A rising tide raises all ships, so it benefitted others as well.\xa0 If there’s a new task you want to explore or a new project you want to do, reverse-engineer it. Figure out ways to accomplish the task with help from other people. You’ll elevate the people around you and increase your own value. You must have a team. You can’t do it all on your own. “You Can’t Do It All On Your Own” episode resources You can connect with Adam at www.carswell.io and then click on Adam Carswell. He’s on a variety of other platforms as well.\xa0 If you’re a sales rep looking to hone your craft and learn from the top 1% of sellers, make plans to attend the Sales Success Summit in Austin, Tx, October 14-15. Scheduled on a Monday and Tuesday to limit the impact to the sales week, the Sales Success Summit connects sellers with top-level performers who have appeared on the podcast. Visit  Top1Summit.com to learn more and register!\xa0 You can also connect with me at donald@thesalesevangelist.com or try our first module of\xa0  TSE Certified Sales Training Program for free. This episode has been made possible with the help of  \xa0TSE Certified Sales Training Program, a training course designed to help sellers in improving their performance. We want you guys to go out each and every single day to find more ideal customers and do big things. I hope you like and learned many things from this episode. If you did, please review us and give us a five-star rating on Apple podcast or in any platform you’re using -  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify.\xa0 You can also share this with your friends and colleagues.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | A good salesperson knows how to nurture “No” into “Yes”. Hearing No in the sales world is common regardless of what you sell or to whom you’re selling to. When you hear a no, you can’t just back down and give up. You need to get back on track and fix it.\xa0 Craig Klein is based in Houston and he works in the energy business. He used to make deals with large oil companies and the deals would take a year or more to close. With that period of time and the level of complexity of every sale, he sought help from others.\xa0 He began Sales Nexus to address that inefficiency. Today, his company helps other businesses to grow and aims to help everyone in the community give their fair share of making their community a better place to live.\xa0 No is difficult to hear\xa0 Craig was trained by  Dave Blanchard for awhile. Dave does executive training and he talks a lot about our need to be right. Humans as we are, once the idea is planted in our head and we start dreaming about it, the idea becomes real. If that idea is taken away, we end up getting hurt.\xa0 It is the same with sales. We meet our clients with big plans for closing the deal but when we turn up, we are told no and that hurts. There’s a lot of burnout in the sales position because sales reps tend to make many phone calls and end up getting No. The thing about it is that when we hear No, we tend to take a step back and sometimes, we don’t ever make a step forward again.\xa0 Nurture “No” into “Yes” Salespeople need to learn to be a bit aware of themselves and to focus on the customers\' needs, not on what they need. It’s also important to realize that sometimes, the prospects say “No” not because they don’t want to do business with you. They may be tied to a contract to your competitor or now may not be a good time.\xa0 The primary way to nurture “No” into “Yes” is to have a sales strategy that makes you stay engaged with the prospects and build relationships over time. #Relationships It’s not efficient to just focus on who you can close this month, it’s also about focusing on the people you can close deals with in due time.\xa0 Stay in touch\xa0 For every No you get, you make sure to take their name, their email address, their phone number, and keep it somewhere safe. You always have to write down everything you have learned from this customer including their budget cycle and their needs. Then, you create a system that allows you to keep connecting with time and getting them engaged. Check them out every once in a while and ask them how they’re doing. Let them know that you’re there.\xa0 Meanwhile, you can find somebody else who is ready right now. Just keep nurturing and keep moving forward.\xa0 Change your mindset that you will close every deal you have because that won’t happen. Instead, think of every appointment as a way of establishing a relationship based on trust. Resonate to them that you came not just to close but to understand what their needs are.\xa0 Salespeople are like doctors. Physicians don’t sell their service in a way that’s too in your face. They diagnose their patients and examine what is something wrong with them. They then show you the patients how they can help with the problem.\xa0 The same is true for salespeople. We examine their problem and we show them how we can help. You don’t sell the product the moment you meet them. You warm them up and figure out what they need first before presenting your options.\xa0 The automated email drip campaign\xa0 Craig’s Sales Nexus Platform uses an automated email drip campaign in order to stay in touch with their potential customers. They take every lead and put it into their system and into an automated email drip campaign. The potential clients don’t just get generic emails, they get personalized email depending on what they need.\xa0 When the time is right for them, they’d click on the link to their site and they’ll be notified by it. This is their time to give them a call and ask them if anything has changed.\xa0 One of Craig’s clients used the auto-drip campaign and things have been better for them now. They used to have sales reps call chiropractors all day long but these professionals are busy and they don’t look at their phones most times of the day. Then they started putting the chiropractors’ name on the system, they searched for their needs, and on the things they focus on. They are then placed on their appropriate auto-drip where they get emails that are relevant to their needs. When they interact with the emails, the company is being notified and they get to start pitching again. The auto-drip system allows them to build relationships with prospects without compromising their sales rep’s manpower.\xa0 There other ways to do it. Some are using the typical marketing system and sends out weekly or monthly emails to their list. Others also hire someone whose job is to focus on making mails and sending them out.\xa0 “How to Nurture "No" Into "Yes"\xa0 episode resources\xa0 Reach out to Craig Klein by visiting his website. Check out the site to get downloadable PDFs on how you can organize your customer list to send the right emails to the right people.\xa0 Wanting to learn and hear more about sales? Don’t hesitate and connect with Donal via LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.\xa0 If you’re a sales rep looking to hone your craft and learn from the top 1% of sellers, make plans to attend the Sales Success Summit in Austin, Tx, October 14-15. Scheduled on a Monday and Tuesday to limit the impact to the sales week, the Sales Success Summit connects sellers with top-level performers who have appeared on the podcast. Visit  Top1Summit.com to learn more and register!\xa0 This episode is brought to you in-part by  TSE Certified Sales Training Program. It’s a 12-module program for salespeople like you to improve your pitches and presentations. Sign up now and get the  first two modules for free!\xa0 If you like this episode, do give us a thumbs up and rating on Apple Podcast,  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify. We produce podcasts weekly so make sure to subscribe to get more of these sales talks that matter! Share this with your friends and teach them how to subscribe as well.\xa0 Read more about sales or listen to audiobooks at Audible as well and explore this huge online library. Register now to get a free book and a 30-day free trial.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | Pulling Profits Out of a Hat Pulling profits out of a hat is something that salespeople are raving about. But how do you go about it?\xa0 Brad Sugar has been in the teaching business for 26 years and now has coaching offices in over 80 countries. He’s also a published author with 17 books in his name. He appreciates being able to help others grow their business and keeps expanding his business to be able to help more people improve their sales.\xa0 One of his recent books is  Pulling Profits Out of a Hat: Adding Zeros to Your Company Isn\'t Magic 1st Edition. This book teaches companies how\xa0 to get multiple growths instead of percentage growth. As salespeople, challenge yourself to multiply your growth. If your company grew by 15% last year, make it an aim to grow it 15 times more this year.\xa0 The starting point is to believe that your business can multiply and have the right attitude in getting it there.\xa0 Pulling profits out of a hat Every business person is a business owner. Whatever your role is, whether it be a salesperson or a sales leader, you have your own section of the business.\xa0\xa0 Set your goals and be specific about them. What are the goals you want to achieve two times, five times, and so on? There are five core disciples mentioned in the book - strategy, business development, people, execution, and mission. You need to start with the strategy.\xa0 Strategy Strategy can be broken down into four main points:\xa0  Leverage Scalability Opportunity Marketability  We define leverage as doing the work once and getting paid for a long-term basis. Bill Gates, for example, understood leverage. He made software once and he sold it forever. These days, Microsoft doesn’t sell software anymore. They make you pay for it every single month. Steve Jobs understood leverage after he got fired from Apple. He bought Pixar and found ways to sell a movie repeatedly in various formats. They sell their products and they set their businesses up in a way that customers buy it over and over again all the while making a lesser effort in selling it. Salespeople find this challenging because they’re not wired to do this. They are trained to do sales one at a time as opposed to the marketers who do multiple sales at a time. The selling one at a time mentality kills the business. A salesperson should remember all his strategies, from the short-term to the medium-term, and the long-term. Don’t go directly to the long-term strategy where you build your reputation with social media and create content. Start from the short term goal of picking up the phone and making a call.\xa0\xa0 Scalability\xa0 Brad defines scalability as the next sale should cost less and is easier to sell. Salespeople need to keep building, to look at what the product or services they’re selling, and how they’re selling it. Work the scales into your program and go backward. Think of ways of how you can continually make money month after month.\xa0 Set goals that are based on the market and the opportunity size and not based on your own needs, desires, and previous results. #SalesSuccess Marketability\xa0 Look for products and services that are easier to sell and check their marketability. Zappos has a good market. It sells shoes and many people want shoes. They want shoes now, they want shoes next month, and they want new shoes just to look good. The market is rich and they have a product that’s easy to sell.\xa0 Sales, marketing, and customer service all have to go hand-in-hand. This is easy if you don’t want to grow your business but if you want to grow your business exponentially, you need to have a great sales system, a great marketing system, and a great customer service system.\xa0 Break down the marketing to the most granular loads and work backward from there because that’s how you get good results. You don’t leave the basic steps of doing the call even when you’ve already made it to the building connection phase.\xa0 Continue getting at least 20 connects a day or whatever number you’re supposed to reach as a sales rep. There is no limit on how many you must do but there is a limit on how little you must do.\xa0 Testimonials and rankings are two of the most important things in marketing today. Find ways to make people give you testimonials and ask them to rank you. Value\xa0 Another thing that would help you be better in pulling profits out of a hat is to add value. Keep learning because you can only ever own as much as you’ve learned to make. It’s also important to make sure that your sale is made before you turn up.\xa0 In real estate for example, when somebody calls asking for an appraisal, do not just send them an e-mail. Make it more personal and let them know why you’re the company for the job. Send them a box filled with the magazine where testimonials of your customers are found. Deliver it to them as fast as you can. When the prospect gets the box, they’ll think you’re a genius and they’ll want to work with you because you aren’t just an email. You are as visible as the testimonials in the magazines show. This is how you make the sale before even showing up.\xa0 “Pulling Profits Out of a Hat” episode resources Always continue learning and never wish life were easier. instead, wish that you were better. If you get better at sales, then life gets easier. If you get better at marketing, and marketing gets easier.\xa0 Connect with Brad in his social media accounts. He is in LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook. You can also visit his website Brad Sugars and ActionCoach. You can also ask Donald any of your sales concerns via LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.\xa0 This episode is brought to you in-part by  TSE Certified Sales Training Program. It’s a helpful guide for sales reps and sales leaders to improve their pitches and presentations. It has 12 Imodules\xa0 and you can get the  first two modules for free!\xa0 If you like this episode, don’t be shy and give us a thumbs up and rating on Apple Podcast,  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify. We produce podcasts weekly so make sure to subscribe! Share this with your friends and teach them how to subscribe as well.\xa0 If you’re a sales rep looking to hone your craft and learn from the top 1% of sellers, make plans to attend the Sales Success Summit in Austin, Tx, October 14-15. Scheduled on a Monday and Tuesday to limit the impact to the sales week, the Sales Success Summit connects sellers with top-level performers who have appeared on the podcast. Visit  Top1Summit.com to learn more and register!\xa0 You can also check out Audible as well and explore this huge online library with thousands of books. Register now to get a free book and a 30-day free trial.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | For organizations looking to expand their footprint and extend their reach, these 3 tips to improve closing will help them achieve those goals. Johnny Lee operates a sales and marketing firm called C Level Partners that helps organizations expand their footprint, gain new clients, and move in the direction of their goals. He believes that sales is everything. His experience from the management side, from the individual side, and from the sales rep side gives him a unique multi-level vantage point.  Listen to understand  The biggest challenge Johnny Lee consistently sees is that sellers listen to reply rather than listening to understand. He recently carried out a DILO, or a “day in the life of” exercise with a lean, mature team that all suffered from the same problem. They all listened while waiting for the opportunity to explain why their company was so great.\xa0 Sellers master the art of articulating their value, but before we win in the marketplace we have to master the art of listening. We’ve all heard it before, perhaps in the saying, “Telling is not selling.” But if we truly applied this truth to our everyday behaviors both in and out of business, we would know exactly how to articulate our value proposition to become the solution that the prospect needs.\xa0  Exhibit empathy  In many cases, the discovery call that precedes the demo doesn’t actually help the seller understand the challenges the seller is facing. In order to understand the problems they are trying to solve, you must listen and develop empathy for the pain they are feeling.\xa0 Empathy helps us understand why people do certain things and how they end up where they are. When you care about helping people, you’ll be able to support them while they tackle the challenges they face.\xa0 When we ask questions that lead them down the path of discovery, our prospects will outline exactly what they need and how you can help.\xa0 Empathy acknowledges how the existing challenges affect the company’s bottom line and understands how important it is to consider shareholder value in the face of problems.\xa0 Empathy cannot be rushed.\xa0 When you communicate that you’re with them in the challenge, you’ll become a trusted advisor.\xa0 You cannot begin the work of solving a problem until you understand several things.\xa0  You must understand the challenge and how the prospect got where he is today. You must understand whether he seems himself getting out of the situation. You must understand how impactful it is for the business if he doesn’t get out of the situation.  Once you build empathy and understand those three things, you can begin the next step of prescribing.\xa0  Prescribe with confidence  There’s a fine line between arrogance and confidence, and you must prescribe solutions with confidence.\xa0 An arrogant person might immediately say, for example, “I have exactly what you’re looking for.” Arrogant people don’t listen.\xa0 When you do step 2 right and you have empathy and understanding, you’ll find yourself in the position of a therapist of sorts. Like a therapist, you have to be welcoming, calm, and professional.\xa0 Therapists don’t say, “Wow, you’re messed up.” They also don’t say things like, “I’m exactly what you need to solve your problem.” Instead, they operate with confidence, saying things like, “I’m so glad you took the first step. I’ve dealt with similar challenges before and I know we can get where you want to be.” Therapists become trusted advisors. They communicate that they are looking out for the patient’s best interests. Confident sellers must do the same.\xa0 Pay attention to tonality Tonality is critical to communicating the right level of confidence. Be enthusiastic. Be happy and excited that you’re speaking with a credible person.\xa0 Recognize the two different kinds of buyers: technical and economic. Technical buyers are people who can use your service but can’t make the decision to buy your service or product. Economic buyers make the ultimate decision.\xa0 There are two different ways of closing those two kinds of buyers. Because you can only engage a technical buyer for a certain period of time, you’ll eventually have to divert to the economic buyer.\xa0 Know how to ask questions like this: “I know you’ve been looking to address this challenge for quite some time. Is it common in your organization to bring the CFO in at this point to make the final decision?” You must sniff technical buyers out early in the sales process.\xa0 Never ever give a proposal to someone who can’t buy.\xa0 Using phrases like “this is what we have been doing,” and “working with companies like yours,” communicates confidence. Eliminate phrases that include “I think,” or “it should.” #Tonality Confidence Passion is extremely contagious. You have to know when to elevate a pitch or speak faster or slower. Johnny Lee is a firm believer that tonality creates the environment. Because prospects who are on the phone can’t see you, they are still picturing something. They are picturing whether you’re tall or short, aggressive or not. They can picture you, and it’s your job to make sure they picture you as a trusted advisor.\xa0 Confidence comes from studying your value proposition. You have to understand your value proposition. You also have to readily know what your value proposition has done in the workplace. That means knowing the stories and the case studies.\xa0 People are sold auditorily, visually, and kinesthetically. Tell your stories with passion, with conviction, and with numbers because people love numbers and percentages.\xa0 Don’t share numbers if they haven’t shared their stories and their challenges with you first.\xa0 Acquire Don’t admire what other organizations and colleagues and sales leaders are doing. Acquire what they’ve been doing, and exceed the expectations you’ve set for yourself.\xa0 Instead of comparing your personal and professional life to the people around you, humble yourself and ask questions of those who achieved those levels of success. That will help you build a roadmap to success in all areas of your life.\xa0 Episode resources If you’d like to connect with Johnny Lee, email him jlr@reinosoglobal.com. If you’re a sales rep looking to hone your craft and learn from the top 1% of sellers, make plans to attend the Sales Success Summit in Austin, Tx, October 14-15. Scheduled on a Monday and Tuesday to limit the impact to the sales week, the Sales Success Summit connects sellers with top-level performers who have appeared on the podcast. Visit  Top1Summit.com to learn more and register!\xa0 You can also connect with me at donald@thesalesevangelist.com or try our first module of\xa0  TSE Certified Sales Training Program for free. This episode has been made possible with the help of  \xa0TSE Certified Sales Training Program, a training course designed to help sellers in improving their performance. We want you guys to go out each and every single day to find more ideal customers and do big things. I hope you like and learned many things from this episode. If you did, please review us and give us a five-star rating on Apple podcast or in any platform you’re using -  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify.\xa0 You can also share this with your friends and colleagues.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | How Do I Deal With Unresponsive Inbound Leads? There are tricks on how to deal with unresponsive inbound leads. Dealing with people who come to your website and who give their phone numbers and emails but don’t want to talk to you doesn’t have to be difficult. It is true that many who visit your site want the freebies and they ghost you for reasons you can’t comprehend.\xa0 The sales reps are frustrated because the appointment is not getting through, nor are the emails, or the calls.\xa0 This happens because we’ve conditioned the buyers this way. We’ve taught them the concept of opt-in. They give us their emails for emailed permission-based marketing and we call them or mail them to get an appointment. Other companies are doing this as well and buyers know the pattern and are now looking for ways around it. They often give a bogus email address or an old one that they no longer check making it next to impossible to get in touch with them in the first place.\xa0 Deal with unresponsive inbound leads\xa0 There are two ways to deal with unresponsive inbound sales. The first one is connected to marketing. Examine what you’re offering to the prospects and extend your offer beyond your freebies. They may not be ready to purchase yet and they just want to review your offer so give them something else they can munch. Include another link to something else within your gift. Try to put an invite to your webinar. They can click inside the opt-in to see what the webinar is all about. Engage them further and nurture them into actual leads.\xa0 Give them something a little bigger, perhaps a one-on-one free consultation session or your phone number. Turn the opt-in into a strategy session to be able to talk to your prospects.\xa0 For qualified leads, engage them further by giving them more information. They will qualify themselves and they will give you their phone number and have a conversation with you. Once they go to your webinar, they become converted leads which allows you to give them a pitch or offer your product for 15% off.\xa0 Give the prospects what they want in order to get what you want. #SalesTips Give them the piece of content and education on the webinar to get the conversion going. As a salesperson, deal with unresponsive inbound leads by giving them what they want first. You can also use a thank you page as a dual opt-in or a webinar sign-up page to further turn your unresponsive inbound prospects to interested prospects who want to learn more about the business.\xa0 Stop the old school strategy\xa0 Deal with unresponsive inbound leads by letting go of your old school strategies. Stop sending a generic email which contains the usual information about the company, the features and benefits of the product, or the invite for a phone call or appointment schedule.\xa0\xa0 Emails such as these are long and asking them for a phone call at the end of it is a huge jump.\xa0 Shorten your email and change your subject line. Go for simpler yet impactful opening such as, “Did you get the download for this or that?” The recipient will see your name, your signature, and all the other necessary information and he is bound to answer a resounding Yes. They need to recognize you as an individual.\xa0 This is when you ask!\xa0 Ask your question when they’ve already responded to your previous mail. If they reply with a Yes, ask them for a phone call to answer any questions they might have. If the prospect shows interest and gives his phone number then quickly respond by giving a phone call. The key is to follow up right away.\xa0 Have a 2-step strategy for prospects who are not ready to buy right away. Make it your goal to make them reply to you before you ask them to have the sales talk with you. Remember that buyers these days are cognizant of opt-ins so warm up to them by using this 2-step strategy.\xa0 If you’re doing insight sales and you’re responsible for all inbound sales, you might want to ask them what prompted them to download the content. Do what you can to engage them in a conversation.\xa0 “How Do I Deal With Unresponsive Inbound Leads?” episode resources Build stronger value and have more meaningful conversations with your prospects. Close more deals and challenge yourself to go out and do big things every single day.\xa0 For sales concerns, you can connect with Donald via LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.\xa0 This episode is brought to you in-part by  TSE Certified Sales Training Program. It’s a helpful guide for sales reps and sales leaders to improve their pitches and presentations. It has 12 modules\xa0 and you can get the  first two modules for free!\xa0 If you like this episode, don’t be shy and give us a thumbs up and rating on Apple Podcast,  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify. We produce podcasts weekly so make sure to subscribe to get more of these sales talks that matter! Share this with your friends and teach them how to subscribe as well.\xa0 If you’re a sales rep looking to hone your craft and learn from the top 1% of sellers, make plans to attend the Sales Success Summit in Austin, Tx, October 14-15. Scheduled on a Monday and Tuesday to limit the impact to the sales week, the Sales Success Summit connects sellers with top-level performers who have appeared on the podcast. Visit  Top1Summit.com to learn more and register!\xa0 If you’re a reader who loves reading and listening to books, you can also check out Audible as well and explore this huge online library with thousands of books. Register now to get a free book and a 30-day free trial.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | Write Your Company’s Obituary: Identify or Rediscover Your Company’s Purpose Having to write your company’s obituary sounds a bit morbid but there’s a good reason why doing this is important. One result is that doing so will help you identify and rediscover your company’s purpose.\xa0 Josh Levine is a culture company strategist and works with technology, social enterprise organizations, and firms to help them improve their work. His goal is to make the employees love what they’re doing by building strong relationships, higher trust, and deeper engagement.\xa0 Josh published a book called  Great Mondays: How to\xa0  Design a Company Culture That Employees Love. It talks about all his learnings for the past 10 years in advancing the idea of company culture as a strategic advantage. It defined what culture is and gives people the tools that they need to improve the culture.\xa0 Write your company’s obituary\xa0 This was a tool that Josh’s mentor used and many clients would react negatively upon hearing it. There is more to sales than just putting the product out there and selling it. It’s more than just the numbers. Doing business isn’t only about the money; it’s also about understanding what you are trying to do with your company and with your life.\xa0 This is also about knowing your own purpose and helping the organization discover its\xa0 ‘why?’\xa0 Imagine that your business closes its doors after 30 years. Don’t think of the reason why it shut down. Your goal is to write down two or three short paragraphs about why your company will be remembered and will be most missed. This will give you the opportunity to see what you achieved that made the difference.\xa0 Josh’s team works with a board executive team and leadership peers together. They make teams write because what matters isn’t just the end result. They also consider the kind of language, the words, and the phrases used together.\xa0 Obituary exercise Don’t stop short of the fantastic. When you start writing your company obituary, you need to go beyond how far you think you can make it.\xa0 Be bold about the things that you think your company can achieve. #Salessuccess The point of the exercise is to come up with your achievements and look for the possible ways that you’re going to achieve those.\xa0 Josh had a client who said that they would\xa0 solve poverty. It’s a far-fetched goal and impossible to do but it didn’t keep them from aiming to do\xa0 so. When the discussion happened, the team thought of how to make it work and figured out that their technology connects communities together. The community that works together\xa0 will solve poverty. With that, their previously written achievement of solving poverty now sounds plausible.\xa0 \xa0 Define your purpose Next, you have to define your purpose. The company’s values are the hows and the company’s purposes are the whys. Businesses and companies need to figure out the why behind what they’re doing. You won’t be able to find your purpose if you’re thinking about this quarter’s return or this quarter’s sales numbers.\xa0 As a sales leader, you can help define the purpose by shaping the culture of your company according to the company’s vision. You can help strengthen the team and find the values and purpose of the company over time.\xa0 Components of a company\'s culture\xa0 There are six components mentioned in the book Great Mondays. The first three are as follows:\xa0  Purpose Values Behaviors  The first two define the company’s purpose and values. The third component is behaviors. Behavior is the center point of culture and is what you are trying to adjust to help\xa0 people make better business decisions.\xa0 The next three are the following:\xa0  Recognition Rituals Cues  Recognition and rewards have been used in businesses. These are effective strategies in aligning behaviors to build and strengthen the synapses of culture. Your goal is to spread your culture and share the behaviors.\xa0 Keep reminding your peers why they’re in the business and getting the people back to the top of the pyramid. Love what you and find something that you believe in to make everything worthwhile.\xa0 “Write Your Company’s Obituary” episode resources  Great Mondays: How to Design a Company Culture That Employees Love is available on Amazon. The purpose of the Write your company’s obituary exercise is laid out in the book.\xa0 You can download the supporting materials for free at free@greatmondays.com. You can also sign up for newsletters, one minute Monday, and case studies.\xa0 We will e-mail you all the necessary information for building cultures that matter.\xa0 Connect\xa0 with Josh Levine via Twitter and LinkedIn.\xa0 This episode is brought to you in-part by  TSE Certified Sales Training Program. It’s a helpful guide for sales reps and sales leaders to improve their pitches and presentations. It has 12 courses and you can get the  first two modules for free!\xa0 If you like this episode, don’t be shy and give us a thumbs up and rating on Apple Podcast,  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify. We produce podcasts weekly so make sure to subscribe to get more of these sales talks that matter! Share this with your friends and teach them how to subscribe as well.\xa0 If you’re a sales rep looking to hone your craft and learn from the top 1% of sellers, make plans to attend the Sales Success Summit in Austin, Tx, October 14-15. Scheduled on a Monday and Tuesday to limit the impact to the sales week, the Sales Success Summit connects sellers with top-level performers who have appeared on the podcast. Visit  Top1Summit.com to learn more and register!\xa0 If you’re a reader who loves reading and listening to books, you can also check out Audible as well and explore this huge online library with thousands of books. Register now to get a free book and a 30-day free trial.\xa0 For sales concerns, you can shoot us your question anytime. Connect with Donald via LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound. | When I asked The Sales Evangelist community what they wanted to know about sales, one of the questions that emerged was, “Why do salespeople talk so much?” It annoys a lot of people, primarily because if you talk too much, you’re probably listening too little.\xa0 Persuading people Somewhere in the growth of the sales industry, sellers convinced themselves that talking would persuade buyers to make purchases. We believed that if we talked more, they’d hear us more and they’d more likely believe us. As a result, they’d say “yes” more.\xa0 Unfortunately, that just isn’t true.\xa0 The greatest salespeople listen more than they talk. #ListenMore You’ve likely heard the adage that you have two ears and one mouth, so you should listen twice as much as you talk.\xa0 If you pay attention, you’ll likely discover that the best salespeople are those who use their speaking opportunities to ask questions. They seek to understand their buyer’s perspective and to stimulate conversation that helps them gather important information.\xa0 Stimulate the buyer Let’s go back to the scenario we discussed earlier in the week. If someone owns a car that costs them a lot of money every month for repairs, you could ask that person questions to help him realize that he has a problem. If you walk him through the math and help him understand how much that amounts to every year, he may find that he could be driving a much newer car for the same price. Good sales reps will ask questions that will help him realize the problem on his own.\xa0  Why are you spending that much money on your car? If I could show you how to spend one-fourth of that amount and get a reliable vehicle and still have money to save, would you be open to learning more?  He’ll likely be willing to at least learn more.\xa0 Features and benefits Without even discussing features and benefits, you’ve inspired him to consider his situation. You said nothing about the radio, or the seats, or the transmission, or the exterior of the car. You helped him persuade himself to explore the possibilities. Many sellers dislike the awkward moments in meetings when things get quiet. Each side wonders what the other is thinking and, as humans, it just feels wrong for us to sit in silence. We assume the buyer is thinking something negative.\xa0 A Harvard study found that when people talk about themselves, it triggers the same pleasure sensations as food or money. The study also found that volunteers who were offered a chance to earn money by answering questions about other people passed up potential earnings in exchange for a chance to talk about themselves.\xa0 We’re more comfortable talking about ourselves because we’re confident about it. The conclusion is that sellers who want to fill an awkward silence will likely talk about themselves.\xa0 Meeting prep\xa0 Sellers who prepare for meetings would more likely understand the situation and the buyer and his company. As a result, they\'ll be more confident in their understanding of the customer’s challenge. They’ll ask appropriate questions that help the buyers travel down the path to making a decision.\xa0 Write some thought-provoking questions prior to the meeting. Challenge your prospects’ way of thinking. If you feel awkward about a specific question, you should probably ask it anyway.\xa0 If your prospect seems to be avoiding a topic, see if you can find a way to bring it up anyway. The conversation will either progress toward conversion or your prospect will decide he isn’t ready for change.\xa0 Study the customer and his company. Learn about the potential problems they are facing and figure out a way to solve them.\xa0 “Why Do Salespeople Talk So Much?” episode resources If you’re a sales rep looking to hone your craft and learn from the top 1% of sellers, make plans to attend the Sales Success Summit in Austin, Tx, October 14-15. Scheduled on a Monday and Tuesday to limit the impact to the sales week, the Sales Success Summit connects sellers with top-level performers who have appeared on the podcast. Visit  Top1Summit.com to learn more and register!\xa0 You can also connect with me at donald@thesalesevangelist.com or try our first module of\xa0  TSE Certified Sales Training Program for free. This episode has been made possible with the help of  \xa0TSE Certified Sales Training Program, a training course designed to help sellers in improving their performance. We want you guys to go out each and every single day to find more ideal customers and do big things. I hope you like and learned many things from this episode. If you did, please review us and give us a five-star rating on Apple podcast or in any platform you’re using -  Google Podcast,  Stitcher, and Spotify.\xa0 You can also share this with your friends and colleagues.\xa0 Audio provided by Free SFX and Bensound.', 'chan_desc': "I believe in doing BIG THINGS! You should be earning 6 figures easily as a sales rep. But chances are you are not...yet! Sales is the most important department in every company but many sellers are never taught how to effectively sell, much less how to earn their way to high-income status. My own career limped along until a company I worked for invested in sales training to help me succeed. Immediately afterward, I closed a deal worth 4X what the company spent on me and saw hockey-stick improvement in my performance. So I started a podcast to “Evangelize” what was working. Today I interview the world's best sales experts, successful sellers, sales leaders and entrepreneurs who share their strategies to succeed in sales right now: folks like Jeffrey Gitomer, Jill Konrath, Bob Burg, and Guy Kawasaki to name a few. They share actionable insights and stories that will encourage, challenge, and motivate you to hustle your way to top income status. If you’re someone looking to take off in your sales career and earn the income you deserve, hit subscribe and let’s start doing BIG THINGS!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/ad/d8/60/add8609d-9233-4183-e72c-4f06f3964ca0/mza_198684751144675294.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2013-12-26'}}

{'The Flower Podcast': {'title': 'The Flower Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Flower-Podcast-id1362673', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Flower Consultant and Horticulturist', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 78, 'play_count': 1493, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.theflowerpodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 71, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-29', '01:19:10', 0], ['2019-09-22', '01:01:54', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:41:14', 0], ['2019-09-12', '01:01:12', 0], ['2019-09-08', '01:00:01', 0], ['2019-09-01', '01:10:41', 0], ['2019-08-25', '01:08:36', 0], ['2019-08-18', '01:07:06', 0], ['2019-08-11', '01:16:48', 0], ['2019-08-04', '01:02:45', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Laura Dowling shares her journey with flowers which lead her to become the Chief Floral Designer at the White House from 2009-2015. Laura and Scott chat about the many events and parties she created while the Obama\'s were in the White House. Laura organized the volunteer army of floral designers that helped with the Holiday decor, especially the iconic White House Christmas. Be sure to subscribe to the podcast on your favorite app and learn more about our guests at www.theflowerpodcast.com. | Carly Jenkins with her husband Jamie operate Killing Frost Farm in the Potomac Valley of Western Montana. Besides growing flowers and opening Westside Flower Market, she is passionate about responsible foraging. Realizing the impact on the environment and our native species, she is an advocate for educating yourself before cutting. Carly also values the relationships with their customers and has earned the respect of both sustainable flower growers and florists. Be sure to subscribe to The Flower Podcast and learn more about our guests at www.theflowerpodcast.com ! | Thursd is a floral meetup spot where international professionals in floriculture can share stories about anything related to floriculture. Relevant and important content will be shared by Thursd and embedded on the website, linking it to the original publication, and creating free basic profile’s related to it. Today Scott chats with Arjen Schotel and Arnold Wittkamp, two of the founders of Thursd from the Netherlands about this exciting new project. Be sure to subscribe on iTunes and learn more about our guests on our website www.theflowerpodcast.com | Bonus Episode: Scott chats with Holly Chapple and the Winners of the "It Could Be You" contest. Eleven designers came together and sat down for a heart-to-heart chat to discuss topics close to their heart. We talk about pricing, marketing, and the challenges of being in business in the flower industry. Be sure to subscribe to The Flower Podcast on your podcast app. You can learn more about all of our guests at www.theflowerpodcast.com | Our guest this week is Nia Bradley-Hobbs, she is the floral half of LuvShifting. LuvShifting is so much more than a florist. From weddings to kimonos Nia and her husband transform their love of flowers into timeless keepsakes. Through Art, Fabric design and Graphics, floral moments are captured and used to create bespoke fashions and accessories. They\'re located along the southern coast of England. Be sure to subscribe to the podcast and learn more about Nia and our other guests at theflowerpodcast.com | Shane Connolly, Owner of Shane Connolly and Company, chats with Scott Shepherd this week. He discusses the wedding he designed for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, his love for the meaning of flowers, and his passion for creating foam free designs. Shane is a wealth of knowledge and experiences. Be sure to subscribe and follow where ever you listen to podcasts. Check out our website theflowerpodcast.com and learn more about our guests. | Our guest this week is Amy Balsters, owner of Amy Nicole Floral. Amy has been in the retail floristry and special event industry for over 20 years and now uses this experience to teach others. Amy and Scott chat about how the importance of learning the fundamentals, hiring, teaching, and how to change mindsets. You can learn more about her and our other guests at theflowerpodcast.com. Be sure to subscribe and share our podcast with your flower friends. | Emily Coulter owns Morrice Florist on Martha\'s Vineyard. With little flower knowledge, Emily revamped and re-branded the business, turning it into part floral shop, part boutique, and part greenhouse which can be used for demonstrations, workshops, and dinners. We talk about building relationships with growers, vendors, and customers. Be sure to subscribe to The Flower Podcast on your app. You can learn more about Scott and our guests at www.theflowerpodcast.com | Traveling abroad this week, Scott chats with Nicole Schenkel-Zureikat, owner of Rox and Rose, an organic flower grower in Wolfstein, Germany. Nicole\'s floral journey began in 2013 when she began growing organic cut flowers on 3 acres in southwestern Germany. Joined by her husband, Samer, their cut flower farm is thriving\xa0and freshly cut organic flowers are cultivating their way throughout the markets of\xa0Germany. Learn more about Nicole and our other guests at www.theflowerpodcast.com. Be sure to subscribe and leave a review for the podcast on your app of choice. | Julie Tobi chats with Scott this week on The Flower Podcast. With a degree in counseling and a self-professed obsession with personal growth and the development world, Julie\'s background paved the path for her work, a Career Pivot Coach. Julie and Scott chat career changes, life balance, and what defines you...And it\'s not your career! We hope that this episode will help you to reconnect with your purpose and passion. Be sure to subscribe to The Flower Podcast. Go to www.theflowerpodcast.com and learn more about Julie and all of our other guests.', 'chan_desc': 'The Flower Podcast hosted by Scott Shepherd, aka CutFlower Scott, is a podcast for the floral community to discuss flowers, trends, and business topics.  Each week a featured guest will share their knowledge, passion, and love of flowers.  Join us for colorful chats with talented creatives, photographers, growers, entrepreneurs, authors, and so much more!!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/54/4f/97/544f97f7-5e2e-f0fd-15e8-e55a44e88a85/mza_758925269827022289.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-06-25'}}

{'Serious Sellers Podcast: Learn How To Sell On Amazon': {'title': 'Serious Sellers Podcast: Learn How To Sell On Amazon', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Serious-Sellers-Podcast%3A-Learn-How-To-Sell-On-Amazon-id2024916', 'num_comments': 4, 'author': 'Helium 10', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 295, 'play_count': 7840, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.helium10.com/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 69, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:30:32', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:46:53', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:33:45', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:42:25', 1], ['2019-09-19', '00:40:11', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:38:39', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:37:53', 1], ['2019-09-10', '00:26:58', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:34:57', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:25:12', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Episode 69 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Ian Sells, an eCommerce expert and founder of RebateKey who discusses new product launch strategies | Episode 68 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Kevin King, a recognized expert on selling on Amazon with news of the release of Freedom Ticket 2.0 | Episode 67 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Krystsina Uradzimskaya from Terramed, with multi-channel advice on using Amazon’s business model | Episode 66 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Carlos Alvarez, a 9-figure insect eCommerce magnate and Amazon marketing strategy genius | Episode 65 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Kale and Taylor from KT Nine with expert advice on Amazon product research | Episode 64 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Carabella Riazzo of Dolface with tips on using Amazon Fulfillment to sell on Shopify | Episode 63 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Helium 10’s Barcus Patty who offers valuable insight on Amazon email automation and the sales follow up process | Episode 62 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Zack Leonard from Gembah who offers product differentiation strategies about taking eCommerce product ideas to market | Episode 61 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Kian Golzari, with expert tips on how to source unique private label products from China | Episode 60 of the Serious Sellers Podcast hosts Melissa Simonson from Empowery, a bootstrapped business co-op supporting sellers on Amazon', 'chan_desc': 'Sell on Amazon FBA the right way with Serious Sellers Podcast. Join our host Bradley Sutton as he puts together top industry experts, the latest trends, and rock-solid advice. This new take on the AM/PM Podcast formula equips sellers with the info they need to stay ahead and crush it in the ever-changing Amazon marketplace. No mincing words or hype here—just hard Amazon-compliant data and experience-driven tips, tricks, and information from the team behind the most advanced Amazon software tool-suite - Helium 10. If you’re a serious Amazon entrepreneur—learn how to do it right with proven methods to re-vamp your Amazon product research, keyword research, listing optimization, PPC marketing, and review generation strategies. New episodes every Tuesday and Thursday. Be there. ', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/ba/d0/da/bad0dadf-da71-7367-d1a9-1796f353e44a/mza_9075968452785219097.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-02-13'}}

{'Wait...WTF': {'title': 'Wait...WTF', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Wait...WTF-id2373521', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Julia Wells', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 7, 'play_count': 17, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.juliacwells.com/'], 'ep_total': 5, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:32:15', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:38:29', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:54:16', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:22:02', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:03:21', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Want to know how I made six figures in my business in just a few months? In today’s episode I’m diving into my own journey, what it’s looked like to build my own pleasure-based business and earn six figures in sales in the last few months. You can expect lots of juicy nuggets and tips for how you can take this and apply it into your own business to reconnect with your pussy and bring in some pleasure, trust, and profit. \xa0 In this episode I’m sharing:  How you, too, can use your pussy to get more pleasure and profit in your life and business The difference between the energy of expansion vs the energy of contraction The trap I had to break out of to do business from a place of pleasure How I went from doubt and giving away my power to making the decision to fully fucking commit to myself and the way of working I wanted to do The decision I made that changed everything for me Actionable steps you can take NOW to start introducing pleasure into your day to day life and business And so many more takeaways!  \xa0 I’d love for you to share your biggest takeaways with me! \xa0 Come join us in my FREE private Facebook group, Visible AF: https://www.facebook.com/groups/VisibleAF/ \xa0 Or send me a DM on Instagram! https://instagram.com/juliamotherfuckingwells\xa0 | Can your nipples really help you make business decisions? If you ask transformational stylist, Elissa Williams, they definitely can and do! Join me today as we talk about pussy, pleasure, profit, personal style, and so much more. \xa0 In today’s episode, we’re talking about:  Vulnerability and listening to your intuition How to use style to build a sense of safety, self trust, and a tool for manifesting The way Elissa overcame a history of sexual trauma, stepped into her full self, and took ownership of her own sexuality How she uses her nipples to listen to her intuition and guide her decisions The connection between pleasure and profit in her business Healing old wounds and breaking through the conditioning we have developed in the patriarchy  \xa0 Let’s do this! \xa0 Learn more about Elissa: \xa0 https://elissawilliams.com/ \xa0 https://instagram.com/elissa__williams \xa0 https://www.facebook.com/elissawilliamsprola \xa0 Connect with Julia: \xa0 Come join me in my FREE private Facebook group, Visible AF: https://www.facebook.com/groups/VisibleAF/ \xa0 Send me a DM on Instagram! https://instagram.com/juliamotherfuckingwells\xa0 | Today I’m bringing you a real, unscripted conversation with sisters Maggie and Femily Howe about what it looks like to do life and business from pussy, from pleasure, being unconventional, saying fuck it to the rules, and being a total boss ass bitch. \xa0 In today’s episode we’re diving into: \xa0  Battling the corporate idea that we have to hide parts of ourselves as women to be successful in business How and when Emily realized she could be herself, follow her pussy, and make money Tips to step into your fully expressed self in your business and life The process Emily and Maggie took to separate themselves from those that don’t energetically light them up and set up energetic boundaries How they created their own rules and dynamics to to live a pleasure-based nonconventional life Nontraditional marriages Emily and Maggie’s juiciest brags Curating a life that lights you the fuck up  \xa0 Connect with Emily + Maggie on Instagram: \xa0 https://instagram.com/seestergram \xa0 https://instagram.com/femilyonthego \xa0 https://instagram.com/happymillenialmags\xa0 \xa0 Get your ticket to Emily’s Feminist Selfcare Escape in Cabo! https://www.femilyonthego.com/ \xa0 Bizzie Gold: https://bizziegold.com \xa0 Connect with Julia: Come join me in my FREE private Facebook group, Visible AF: https://www.facebook.com/groups/VisibleAF/ \xa0 Send me a DM on Instagram! https://instagram.com/juliamotherfuckingwells\xa0 | Welcome to the pilot episode of Wait… WTF! I’m so glad you’re here kicking off this journey with me. Join me today as I share what a pussy based business is, who I am, my first brags (and why you should be bragging, too!) and a really solid and fun kickoff to your new favorite podcast. \xa0 This episode is for you if you want to know:  What exactly is a pussy based business My simple tips to get you started connecting with your pussy, so you can use her in your business to start making more money, feeling good, and having more pleasure How and why I started incorporating sexuality into my business and coaching Ways you can start listening to the guidance your pussy gives you to start kicking ass in your business  \xa0 Let’s do this! \xa0 Come join me in my FREE private Facebook group, Visible AF, and share what comes up for you! https://www.facebook.com/groups/VisibleAF/ \xa0 Send me a DM on Instagram! https://instagram.com/juliamotherfuckingwells\xa0 | Get a sneak peak of Wait...WTF — the podcast for boss ass bitches who are looking for an alternative to hustle, burnout, hiding parts of who they are, and playing by rules created by men for men. Get ready to learn about your super power as a woman and how to use it to create more pleasure and profit in business and a life that's legit better IRL than on IG. Join us in my free Facebook community, Visible AF! (https://www.facebook.com/groups/VisibleAF/) And don't forget to subscribe so you don't miss the premiere episodes on September 24th! \xa0", 'chan_desc': 'This podcast is for boss ass bitches who are looking for an alternative to hustle, burnout, hiding parts of who they are, and playing by rules created by men for men. Some fabulous guests and I will teach you each week about your super power as a woman (pussy - both physical + energetic) and how to use it to create more pleasure and profit in business and a life that’s legit better IRL than on IG. The truth is, pussy always creates more profit. Wanna learn how? Subscribe and tune in weekly! Real, raw, hilarious and helpful. If you aren’t saying ‘hell yes!’ or ‘wait...WTF?!’ on the reg, I’m not doing my job.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/96/4a/c5/964ac504-cf23-6120-6fb7-82bfaff6f27d/mza_1392886832738105515.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-14'}}

{'The Unofficial Shopify Podcast': {'title': 'The Unofficial Shopify Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Unofficial-Shopify-Podcast-id2129622', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Kurt Elster Paul Reda', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1527, 'play_count': 13422, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://unofficialshopifypodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 251, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '01:03:31', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:59:35', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:54:32', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:55:52', 1], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:21', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:42:16', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:54:50', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:56:35', 1], ['2019-08-13', '00:51:19', 4], ['2019-08-06', '00:49:40', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'On September 25th & 26th, Kurt went to Boston to attend Klaviyo:BOS Conference 2019. You\'ll hear interviews with real merchants using Klaviyo to own their marketing and grow their business, plus learn the new features coming to Klaviyo.Described as, "the ultimate experience to take your ecommerce marketing to the next level. It’s where the brightest industry leaders, fastest-growing brands, and expert product specialists come together to share real-world examples and actionable strategies that’ll help you own the entire customer experience and grow your brand."Show LinksKlaviyo:BOSNever miss an episodeSubscribe wherever you get your podcastsJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe wherever you get your podcastsWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr | Want to know what\'s working for us with Klaviyo right now? We turn to ecommerce marketing wizard Kurt Bullock to get an update and learn the exact blueprint he uses to achieve 20% revenue increases for Shopify merchants.First we\'ll discuss some quick wins for existing Klaviyo users, and then we\'ll walk throughYou\'ll learn:When & how to use split-testing in emails to maximize revenueThree examples of Klaviyo quick wins you can implement todayHow and why to segmentWhich must-have automation workflows to start withStep-by-step how pro\'s set up Klaviyo accountsGrab a notepad and tune-in \'cause this one is full of actionable advice.Show LinksRegister your Klaviyo accountExample store: Ballistic FabricationKickboxTw:@kurtbullock5 Data-Backed Best Practices for Email Subject LinesHow to Craft Email Subject Lines that Drive Open RatesProduceDeptNever miss an episodeSubscribe on iTunesJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe on iTunesWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.This episode made possible by Rewind | In 2018, Ezra Firestone generated $700K over Black Friday, with $100k alone on Thanksgiving for his Shopify store BOOM by Cindy Joseph.This year he plans do 30% more and he\'s going to tell us exactly how.Master Marketer Ezra Firestone breaks down the exact Black Friday and holiday email campaigns he\'ll be running this year.You\'ll learn:Ezra\'s content marketing strategyIndustry gossipWhy to set up pre-sale campaignEzra\'s ten email Black Friday strategyBest times to send emailHow to setup landing pages for holiday promosShow LinksEzra on InstagramShopify buys 6 River SystemsZipify PagesSmart MarketerBoomNever miss an episodeSubscribe wherever you get your podcastsJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe wherever you get your podcastsWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr | In this listener mailbag episode, you\'ll hear nine questions from merchants preparing for Black Friday:How to manage your app addictionThe power of SMS marketingWhen to update your product descriptionsConsiderations when selling on Amazon and ShopifyThe top mistake merchants make on Black FridayMulti Currency in a nutshellShould you block site traffic from other countries?Plus: Kurt terrifies his children, and Paul kills Moby Dick.Show LinksRetention RocketSMSBumpPingdom ToolsThe Truth About Google PageSpeed Insights for ShopifyBold Multi CurrencyNever miss an episodeSubscribe wherever you get your podcastsJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe wherever you get your podcastsWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr | Rivky Itzkowitz is a 24 year old fashion designer living in NYC. As a practicing Orthodox Jew, she was frustrated at not being able to find modest special occasion wear that actually fit, so she set out to create her own. This episode is about the inspiring journey of hardship and success that came next.You\'ll learn:How to have the best relationships with your retailersWhy wholesale may be the best way to start a businessThe differences in how to market wholesale vs. retailHer company, Impact Fashion is the only size inclusive modest special occasion fashion line on the market. Every style is fitted to perfection and is available in sizes 2-24 because there’s no reason why it shouldn’t be. Her wholesale line is stocked in over 25 boutiques nationwide. In September 2018 she launched the B2C arm of her company on Shopify, impactfashionnyc.com.Tune in for more details!Show LinksImpactFashionNYC - Use code UNOFFICIAL on impactfashionnyc.com for free shipping with purchaseIG: @impact.fashion.nycNever miss an episodeSubscribe on iTunesJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe on iTunesWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr | Who else wants lower bounce rates and higher conversion rates from visitors to their homepage?We discuss:Should your homepage be a squeeze page?What in Turbo theme should be tweaked to improve the mobile experience?What content should go on the home page?Is HERO a must? Should the value prop be the hero image headline?Should your homepage be a branded experience or a long form sales page?Plus Kurt develops an unnatural love for leather goods, and Paul lays out what niche he\'d start a store in.Show LinksPopov LeatherThe Contract ShopSkyline SocksThe Greek (not Latin) phrase that\'s the origin of "call a spade a spade"Welsh OtterShipping Countdown Timer appMotivNever miss an episodeSubscribe wherever you get your podcastsJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe wherever you get your podcastsWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr | Shopify Plus merchant Tactical Baby Gear is disrupting the booming world of baby products — estimated this year to produce more than $11 billion in revenue worldwide — by specializing in military-style baby gear. Founder Beav Brodie and COO Alex Alexander Kristoff join us to discuss their seven-figure success.We\'ll find out:Why you should want to fire your customer service peopleWhy they believe in business partnershipsThe candid challenges they\'ve facedBeav\'s social media & content marketing strategy...and more in this candid interview.Tune in for more details!Show LinksTactical Baby GearBeav BrodieNever miss an episodeSubscribe on iTunesJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe on iTunesWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr | You\'ll hear the answers to:With all the shiny toys available for merchants, how should you prioritize them?If someone feels totally overwhelmed as a merchant, what’s the one thing they should hire out to alleviate the stress?What\'s the formula to determine product pricing? Are there good methods for testing different price points with your customers?How do you properly split test multiple ad creatives for a new product, prior to launching conversion campaigns?Plus Kurt gets a new jacket, and Paul knows who shot JFK.Show LinksHeaded to Klaviyo Boston? Unofficial Shopify Podcast listeners get $300 off by using code UnofficialShop300 at checkout.Kurt\'s rad denim jacket, a gift from Pak Rat Ink.Never miss an episodeSubscribe wherever you get your podcastsJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe wherever you get your podcastsWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr | Creative husband and wife team Matt Snow and Meredith Erin, owners of Boredwalk T-Shirts, take us through their entrepreneurial journey building a cult of customers around their lifestyle apparel brand.You\'ll hear:Why you should embrace the suckThe one tactic that helped me them gain early salesWhy they hate AmazonThe customer-centric content-first marketing strategy that has grown their businessWhy you should start a podcast nowThese artists-turned-ecommerce professionals produce clever original graphic goods, including apparel, accessories, and decor items. Known for their dark humor and sharp wit, Meredith and Matt have created a corner of the internet where fellow misanthropes can laugh at the world and themselves.Tune in for more details!Show LinksBoredWalkThe Boredwalk PodcastNever miss an episodeSubscribe on iTunesJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe on iTunesWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr | Instead of waiting until November to take action, let\'s discuss what you can do right now to put your store in the best possible position to capitalize on Black Friday sales.You\'ll hear:high ROI traffic options other than paid Facebook, Instagram or googlethe best way to get featured in places like Buzzfeedconverting lookers into buyers!Top conversion rate optimizations techniques for product pages.Plus Kurt sees Weird Al, and Paul needs his ear drops.Show LinksRockAuto - Example of a successful site left intentionally datedAdam\'s Polishes Quick Detail Spray - Great example of a PDPTurbo - Use Code PODCAST20 to save 20% off the purchase price of Turbo.Never miss an episodeSubscribe wherever you get your podcastsJoin Kurt\'s newsletterHelp the showAsk a question in The Unofficial Shopify Podcast Facebook GroupLeave an honest review on iTunes. Your ratings & reviews help, and I read each one.Subscribe wherever you get your podcastsWhat\'s Kurt up to?See our recent work at EthercycleTake a ride with Kurt on YouTubeApply to work with Kurt to grow your store.SponsorsTry Bold Product Upsell free for 90 daysSave 20% on Turbo, a blazing fast Shopify themeImprove your shop’s search engine ranking with Venntov SEO Meta ManagerOutsource your Shopify customer service with Simplr', 'chan_desc': "“How's an entrepreneur like me supposed to grow my Shopify store?” That's what The Unofficial Shopify Podcast aims to answer. Discover new opportunities to grow your store from the world’s most successful Shopify entrepreneurs. Hosted by Kurt Elster, a senior ecommerce consultant and Shopify Plus Partner, The Unofficial Shopify Podcast is not authorized, endorsed, or sponsored by Shopify– It's a no holds barred discussion of ecommerce growth strategy & tactics.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/1c/4c/71/1c4c7156-9ebc-8f0e-3acf-015dca5e9f52/mza_4462178361495928537.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-09-11'}}

{'Hack the Entrepreneur with Jon Nastor': {'title': 'Hack the Entrepreneur with Jon Nastor', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Hack-the-Entrepreneur-with-Jon-Nastor-id11775', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Jon Nastor', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2442, 'play_count': 48288, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://hacktheentrepreneur.com'], 'ep_total': 480, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:50:39', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:43:24', 2], ['2019-09-09', '00:46:36', 1], ['2019-09-04', '00:33:47', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:43:09', 1], ['2019-08-21', '00:46:52', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:38:04', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:37:04', 0], ['2019-07-24', '00:36:03', 2], ['2019-07-17', '00:35:06', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Get a free 14-day, no risk trial. No credit card required. Visit Volusion and as a special for Hack the Entrepreneur listeners, get 50% off your first month's plan with promo code HACK. My guest today is a triple Pisces, marketing and growth coach, and a smart entrepreneur. She is the founder of IttyBiz, where her and her team turn smart, quirky people into smart, quirky entrepreneurs. She has been coaching and teaching online marketing since 2006 and has been featured in major outlets such as Forbes, Cosmopolitan and USA Today. Plus, her newsletter has attracted over 50,000 subscribers from across the globe. Now, let's hack! Naomi Dunford. | Get a free 14-day, no risk trial. No credit card required. Visit Volusion and as a special for Hack the Entrepreneur listeners, get 50% off your first month's plan with promo code HACK. If you are anything like me and have too many tasks, ideas, and to-do lists in too many places then Monday will enable you to get control. Start your 14-day free trial by going to Monday. Then use the promo code HACK to get 10% off a paid account. -- At the age of 39, my guest, Weldon Long, found himself walking out of prison after seven years and living in a homeless shelter -- this was 15 years ago. He spent the next six months knocking on door after door trying to land a job, with zero experience. Finally, a small HVAC company in Colorado gave him a shot and it changed the course of his life -- he stayed with this company for 18 months learning the art of sales and running a small business. Then he made his move and started his own HVAC company. Over the next five years, he grew this business to $20 million in sales before selling the business. He is now a NY Times bestselling author, speaker, and sales trainer. During this fast-moving conversation, we discuss:  How to determine what you really want out of life and business Why the biggest mistake you can make is not focussing on the right things Why all businesses are sales companies  Now, let's hack... Weldon Long. | Start your 14-day free trial by going to Monday. Then use the promo code HACK to get 10% off a paid account.  The bestselling author of Pitch Anything is back to flip your entire approach or persuasion and selling. In his decades of pitching, presenting, and closing high-stakes deals, Oren Klaff has learned that people are sick of being sold to. What people love is coming up with their own great idea, even if it's the same idea you were guiding them towards. That's why Oren is throwing out the old antiquated playbook on selling and bringing you a new approach with his brilliant new book Flip the Script He'll show you a new approach that works on this simple insight: everyone trusts their own ideas. That might sound easier said than done, but Oren has taught thousands of people how to do just that with a series of simple steps that makes it simple for anyone to follow. Now, let's talk to Oren Klaff and learn how to flip the script. | Get a free 14-day, no risk trial. No credit card required. Visit Volusion and as a special for Hack the Entrepreneur listeners, get 50% off your first month's plan with code HACK. Today's guest is all about passion, people, and perseverance. Eight years ago he began building businesses in the video space. Today, after a self-proclaimed spectacular failure and two other products that didn't work out, he is the proud founder of Bonjoro. Founded in 2017, Bonjoro enables business owners and customer success teams convert and retain more customers through personal video. Through a lot of hard work, process creation, and personal growth, Bonjoro has grown to now have locations across three countries -- England, the U.S., and Australia. Now, let's hack... Matthew Barnett. | If you are anything like me and have too many tasks, ideas, and to-do lists in too many places then Monday.com will enable you to get control. Start your 14-day free trial by going to monday.com/hack. Then use the promo code HACK to get 10% off a paid account. My guest on the show today is a speaker, coach, and facilitator of career reinvention. She has the unique ability to guide others through the difficult transition of changing careers or moving from employee to entrepreneur. This ability is why she is here today. In this conversation, we work through the mindset struggles so many of us have had to deal with while making leaps of faith and jumping into new careers â€“Â whether those are into new industries or into entrepreneurship. She has coached stay-at-home moms to become successful entrepreneurs, and to keep their home life thriving and energized. As well as guiding countless others with the science behind changing our mindset and learning new skills. Over the years, she has been invited across the globe to coach team leaders seeking better solutions to their unique challenges, and teams to maximize their personal and professional potential. Now, let's hack... Lyn Christian. | Get a free 14-day, no risk trial. No credit card required. Visit Volusion and as a special for Hack the Entrepreneur listeners, get 50% off your first month's plan with promo code HACK. My guest today is a WordPress Developer, podcaster, and a business coach. He started like a lot of us do, with lots of dreaming, thinking, and talking about working for himself and running his own online business. But also like many of us, it wasn't an easy transition. In fact, he made the first leap into freelancing and a couple years later he had to go back to working for someone else. But he thought about what had gone wrong the first time, created a plan, and headed out on his own once again. He's now been in business since 2010, and even though it hasn't always been unicorns and rainbows, he's persevered through the hard times and come out on the better end of business success. In this episode, we discuss:  Always keeping your 'why' front and center when making decisions Why and how to create micro-experiments for your freelancing clients How to keep a steady flow of clients rolling through your business  Now, let's hack... Jason Resnick | Start your 14-day free trial by going to Monday. Then use the promo code HACK to get 10% off a paid account. After spending the first 15 years as a graphic designer and growing her own agency, today's guest decided it was time for a challenge and a change. Twenty years after falling in love with rum during a trip to India, her and her husband decided to see if they could turn that love of rum into a business. At this moment, Montanya Distillers was born. Flash forward eight years and Montanya produces three rums, is distributed in forty-four states and seven countries and has won countless international awards. In this conversation, we discuss being a female distiller in a male-dominated industry, building your wings on the way down, and not being constrained by what other people think. Now, let's hack¦ Karen Hoskin. | Chris Hutchins is an endless optimizer of money and life, and entrepreneur. This story begins with him being laid off in 2008 and founding an organization called LaidOffCamp where he hosted dozens of events around the country to help the unemployed learn new skills for the evolving job market. Then in 2011, he co-founded a company called Milk. This venture was short lived, as they were acquired by Google 13 months later. Today he is the founder and CEO of Grove, and his mission is to make financial planning accessible and affordable for everyone. In this conversation, Jon and Chris discuss:  The varying skillsets required for product management and biz dev Where and how to find business partners The true value of relentless optimization  Now, let's hack... Chris Hutchins. | Try Blowfish and get rid of your hangover right now! Get 20% OFF your first purchase at https://forhangovers.com/hack Genecia Alluora is an experienced entrepreneur and former beauty queen, who now works with businesswomen to equip them with the right tools and knowledge to excel at life and business. After winning the Miss Singapore title for a second time, she started a retail coffee chain called Coffee: Nowhere. From 2014-2017 they grew this company to 60 employees across three countries before having a successful exit from the business and industry. In 2015, she founded Soul Rich Woman, Southeast Asia's largest network of female entrepreneurs with over 12,000 members across 15 countries. In this conversation, we Jon and Genecia discuss:  Her experience on shifting from being a beauty queen to becoming a full-time entrepreneur Why consistency is key to anyones success (and how to nourish it) How to hire a virtual assistant that doesn't suck  Now, let's hack... Genecia Alluora. | In 2011, my guest and his team started an online store that offered posters with motivational quotes, and they called in Startup Vitamins. The success of Startup Vitamins pushed the team to want to branch out and start selling apparel. They wanted to do it the same way they did with posters: on-demand. Unfortunately, at the time there were no services that would do print-on-demand apparel and be able to consistently supply quality products. So they created their own company called Printful. My guest today, Davis Siksnans, is the co-founder and CEO of Printful, the print-on-demand dropshipping company that makes it easy for anyone to sell custom print products online. He co-founded Printful in 2013, to solve their own problem, and in just six years he's grown the company from 5 to 500 employees across the USA, Latvia, and Mexico. Now, let's hack... Davis Siksnans.", 'chan_desc': 'Unlike other business podcasts. No filler and no fluff. HTE is a show for people looking to take charge of their lives and build a successful online business. People who are looking for their next business idea, getting started online, and how to start a business. We understand that starting a business and doing work that matters is not always easy, but it is worth it. Learn more at https://hacktheentrepreneur.com/podcasts/', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/f5/17/e5/f517e5bd-7bf8-c082-0bfc-4bc9b869f252/mza_3696400715914281004.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-09-04'}}

{'The Design You Podcast': {'title': 'The Design You Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Design-You-Podcast-id1227721', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Tobi Fairley', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 64, 'play_count': 1021, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://tobifairley.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 81, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:45:15', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:21:24', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:56:03', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:52:49', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:58:14', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:32:52', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:39:23', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:52:14', 0], ['2019-08-08', '00:48:00', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:38:16', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Lauren Liess is on the podcast to share her life and business story with us and you are going to absolutely love her.\xa0I need a serious kick in the butt after talking to her, and I know you’re going to dream bigger and want more than you ever thought was possible for you after listening to her too. Join us for an amazing conversation and I hope Lauren’s insights show you what it really takes to be a successful entrepreneur. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/80 | If you’re a type-A person who finds it hard to let go of control, or believes suffering and working hard equals being successful, you need to read this book. Gabby takes us through some of the main messages she wants to convey and some practices that will help you surrender to guidance, for success in the long-term. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/79 | If the idea of being able to take a month off your business completely unplugged, and not have your business fall apart, not have money stop rolling in, or have clients mad at you sounds impossible right now, this episode is for you. This could be the start of the most exciting transformation in your business ever. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/78 | Whether it’s a business goal or a personal goal, there are a multitude of stories we tell ourselves to feel secure and safe where we’re at. Today, I’m breaking down some of the most common stories I’ve seen in other people, as well as stories I’ve told myself, to help you question if you are truly happy where you are or whether you need to break out of your shell. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/77 | This week, I have Jason and John from Madcap Cottage on the podcast to share their insights on what it really takes to build the kind of empire they have, and how they’re looking forward into the future in such a fearless way. I am so inspired by their belief that limits simply don’t exist, and they are so open to possibilities that I hope it drives you to look for ways to expand your own business. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/76 | Listen in this week as I share some of my recent realizations around this topic for me. If you find yourself in the same situation with any area of your life you’re wanting to better, I want you to know that you don’t have to “fall off the wagon” to get back on, or stay stuck in a repetitive cycle of trying to reach your goal. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/75 | This week, I want you to start checking in to see where your beliefs about what is possible in your life are holding you back. If you\'re not getting what you want in life, it\'s because you\'re making a choice. Seriously friends, ask the right questions and the clarity you\'ll experience is mind-boggling. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/74 | Sandra\'s divulging what it really takes to build the life and business you want and how your mindset is key to get you there. She\'s sharing why she has such an abundant mindset when it comes to the design industry and how she thinks it\'ll benefit everyone to practice this type of mentality. We\'re also covering everything from ideal clients or "whales," to pricing structures and charging what your services are worth. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/73 | The argument I hear most commonly for not wanting to delegate tasks in your business - and I\'ve been guilty of this in the past too - is that you\'re the best person to do it, or maybe you don\'t have the time and money to train someone else. What I\'m sharing with you today are 10 key steps to ensure that when you do delegate, it\'s going to be done right every time and your business is going to thrive. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/72 | This week, I\'m shedding some light on why exactly it is we give up on our goals and self-sabotage our own progress when we\'re going after something. You\'ve got to put the work in to stop quitting on yourself, and I\'m outlining the steps for you here today. The hard truth is that we\'re just not willing to do the work that\'s required to get to our end goal, but don\'t fret. I\'m sharing a practice that James Clear talks about in his book to help you reverse engineer the results you want. I\'m definitely seeing huge shifts in my own life by practicing this tool, so I hope you enjoy it. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://tobifairley.com/71', 'chan_desc': 'The Design You Podcast is for interior designers and creatives looking to slow down, get rid of “busy,” and live in health, wealth and wholehearted joy. Develop the confidence and the knowledge to make authentic choices that will improve your life, redesign your health, and grow your business like never before. You’ve been designing everyone else’s lives, homes and special moments, but now it’s time you design you! It’s time for you to redefine what success looks like in your life. If you would like even more support for designing a business and life you love, check out my exclusive monthly coaching program, Design You, at TobiFairley.com!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/76/12/23/7612237e-fa7b-4909-df4a-6c7f06fd3a47/mza_4193280820418774276.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-04-07'}}

{'The Spectacular Experience with Spectacular Smith': {'title': 'The Spectacular Experience with Spectacular Smith', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Spectacular-Experience-with-Spectacular-Smith-id2005030', 'num_comments': 6, 'author': 'Spectacular Smith', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 232, 'play_count': 2394, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://iamspectacular.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 31, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-28', '00:13:21', 0], ['2019-09-22', '00:09:30', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:11:11', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:10:42', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:11:49', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:10:21', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:12:45', 1], ['2019-08-03', '00:10:32', 0], ['2019-07-18', '00:15:09', 0], ['2019-07-12', '00:10:22', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': '"Money is plentiful for those who understand the simple laws which govern its acquisition." Quote From: George S. Clason "The Richest Man in Babylon" \xa0 | \'Your bad  habit is your enemy’s ally.\'\xa0 | Unresolved fear causes procrastination, avoidance behavior, overwhelms you, anxiety, and inaction.\xa0This is something that everyone experiences in their life and in business.\xa0Having the courage to willingly become aware of your own fears and conquer them unlocks your inner power. Anything that you fear, walk towards it. | Once you stop making excuses for yourself, it becomes a lot easier to obtain your goals. | It\'s always about perspective. “There were 20 bad to horrible things that happened today, but I choose to focus on the one positive thing.” | How do you build a team when your business is starting from ground-zero? How do you get others involved without having a startup plan? Or having absolutely zero sales? The answer is to start with those who trust you in the current moment! That could be a best-friend, a family member, maybe even someone from your workplace. In Episode 26 Spectacular breaks down the process and what to except at each step. | Having multiple streams of income isn\'t about having multiple businesses from the start. It\'s about having the patience and endurance to master one business through its ups and downs and possibly even rock bottom. Keep your resilience and that ONE business can and will fund MULTIPLE. | In Episode 24, Spectacular gives tips on maintaining professional relationships by breaking down his own system that helps organize your communication style towards\xa0your peers. Having trouble maintaining professional relationships? Ask yourself \'How am I communicating?\' Communication is the foundation of relationships and organization. | Believing that needing help is a sign of \'Weakness\' is an obstacle that needs to be overcome.\xa0It\'s a sign of strength. You know what you need and you\'re not afraid to reach out for it. | In this episode, Spectacular gives his tips on how to leverage and expand your existing business network to gain more clients. "Our friends don\'t love us for what we do, they love us for who we are (hint, the same is true for customers, clients & employees)" - Simon Sinek', 'chan_desc': '“The Spectacular Experience” is a Podcast featuring Spectacular Blue Smith who is best-known as a member of the R&B/hip-hop group Pretty Ricky. In recent years he has reinvented himself as a social media guru, No.1 bestselling author, keynote speaker and entrepreneur. Smith is known as one of the "Top Marketing Gurus To Watch" by Huff Post, ranks among the "Top 5 Most Influential Entrepreneurs in Tech & Music" and honored as the "Innovator Of The Year" by Black Enterprise, and named one of the "Greatest and Most Inspiring Entrepreneurs" by Inc Magazine.While he is still a musician, the past few years have seen the majority of his time devoted to his business Adwizar (a company that manages, grows and monetizes social media accounts). The 25-person business, based out of Los Angeles, runs accounts for major stars and the growth of inspiring personality brands. Clients (or "partners," in Adwizar lingo) include Birdman, Jermaine Dupri, J. Holiday, Soulja Boy, Kevin Gates, Fat Joe, T-Pain, Lil Boosie and nearly 100 others. From a CEO prescriptive, Smith shares his insights of entrepreneurship in company with other entrepreneurs, speakers, artist and athletes- who share their expertise that empowered them to outperform, outwork, and out hustle their way to the top.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/f1/46/65/f14665ea-0b41-4d2b-071b-d280fc940c82/mza_7013314136295279951.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-03-27'}}

{'Consulting Success Podcast': {'title': 'Consulting Success Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Consulting-Success-Podcast-id934132', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Consulting Success', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 629, 'play_count': 13079, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.consultingsuccess.com'], 'ep_total': 110, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:38:22', 1], ['2019-09-23', '00:28:42', 2], ['2019-09-16', '00:27:02', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:28:14', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:32:14', 3], ['2019-08-26', '00:28:06', 1], ['2019-08-19', '00:27:48', 1], ['2019-08-12', '00:35:38', 2], ['2019-08-05', '00:29:03', 4], ['2019-07-29', '00:33:21', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Working solo can work wonders, especially if you know how to maneuver your tasks with precision coupled with the right actions.\xa0Tom Critchlow, an independent strategy consultant, shares how he started winning businesses for his consultancy as well as the lessons he learned along the way that he applied to his business growth. As Tom reveals his greatest consulting strategy, he also gives comfort to consultants who are facing the dilemma of losing clients and offers some of his best habits and practices for a higher performance level. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | When you’ve transitioned from corporate to consulting, you would have income highs and lows. You also face the challenge of pricing your services as a newcomer.\xa0Paul Klein, the host of\xa0Pricing is Positioning podcast\xa0and Cofounder of\xa0BlueDAG LLC, talks about the three pillars of revenue as a consultant. He also talks about the nitty-gritty details of running a consulting business, getting your first Fortune 500 client, and running your business on autopilot. Success doesn’t come overnight but with the right perspective, determination, and wit, you can develop, price and deliver your services in such a way that clients see you as gold. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | In the consulting business, nothing gets people to connect with you more than telling your stories.\xa0Yuri Kruman\xa0of\xa0Master The Talk Consulting\xa0leveraged his talent for storytelling to do that. In this episode, Yuri shares how he got into building his consulting business, taking us into his transition from the startup world. He talks about doing his own PR work to get more clients by reaching out for publications to write, and later on becoming a contributor himself that has allowed him to understand how it works. Discussing more in-depth about pitching to publishing, Yuri guides us through the ins and outs of these publication platforms in relation to the benefits they provide to building your business. He also gets into podcasting when tapping your ideal audience, shares his approaches to building relationships, and advises on ways to identify your pricing. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | Consulting is a job for the strong and organized, especially when it comes to dealing with multiple companies. Jeff Hahn, the founding partner of Apron Food PR, shares why he decided to go out on his own and start his own consulting business. He talks about how he was able to pull off leading and managing different companies without compromising their potential toward growth. Building a high-performance consulting team can also boost a company, and with this, Jeff promotes and explains the win-win tactic of profit sharing. Jeff’s method as a consultant thrives on the idea that his job is to support the managers, executive, or employees and not the other way around. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | Advocating to create an image of trust is one of the key things any consultant must strongly do in the process of starting or continuing a consultations business. Harrison Monarth, one of the most sought-after leadership development and executive coaches, shares the contributing factors to his consulting success. He guides us through the key steps in building a personal brand that everyone can trust and leveraging it to land Fortune 50 consulting clients. Harrison offers some advice and steps on how consultants can leave zero doubt on the value that they are delivering to their clients. He also talks about the importance of presence in the real and virtual world, the different stories you can tell your client, and many other useful information about gaining success in the consulting business. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | Prospecting, especially when you are still starting your consulting business, can be a nightmare. In this episode, Mark Hunter, the man behind The Sales Hunter, shares\xa0how he created his consulting business, how he got his\xa0notable clients, and how to do profitable prospecting for consultants. Just like any business, climbing to the top of this niche presents numerous difficulties, which is why Mark gladly\xa0outline the most common problems, including his own, that people make when\xa0prospecting for clients\xa0and\xa0gives\xa0the best practices for consultants who want to build a more thriving pipeline. Make your consulting business more promising and move towards influencing and impacting people with great insights from\xa0this episode. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | Meetings are key towards every company’s success, which is why it is critical for leaders to facilitate it properly according to the company’s purpose and goal. Elise Keith, the CEO and Founder of Lucid Meetings, shares how she started her company, how she got her very first clients, and how they developed a software that helped chair and leaders run their meetings. She shares her strategies on how meetings should be done and what makes a meeting successful. She also tackles the best practices before, during, and after meetings, as well as the common mistakes people do and how you can avoid these mistakes. Learn more about leading meetings efficiently with Elise in this insightful episode. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | Many consultants often get stuck when it comes to figuring out how to outbound. That is why prospecting has been a topic and a task that is avoided by most. Jason Bay, the Co-Founder and Chief Revenue Officer of Blissful Prospecting, is someone who has figured out prospecting from personally going through the pain points of building a sales pipeline and later on discovering great resources to share. Jason talks about how we can speak the language of potential customers or existing clients, reach out to them, and then apply it to our own marketing. As Jason gets into the details of this whole process, he shares the best practices when it comes to prospecting, providing a sample of an effective campaign. Learn more from Jason on how you can reach out with the messaging that will have the people on the other line engaged and put you on their radar. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | It is the 100thepisode of Consulting Success Podcast. To celebrate this milestone, host Michael Zipursky takes you through the top ten episodes’ key insights. Implement them in your business and apply them to your mindset to perform at even higher levels as consultants. Gathering golden nuggets brought by some of the great guests that graced the show, refresh your mind with critical marketing and sales techniques and wisdom from Perry Marshall, Dorie Clark, Suzanne Bates, Lew Jaffe, and more in this special episode. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com  | Starting up is the hardest part of any business. Jacob Baadsgaard, the Founder and CEO of Disruptive Analytics, shares his business journey starting with working at Adobe and transitioning to other companies, and then finally managing his own organization. He talks about growing his consulting team and how his past work experiences have given him the lessons that he applies to make his company work better for his employees. Sharing sales and leveraging techniques, Jacob also tackles the importance of networking events, speaking at conferences, LinkedIn, and a particular software package and content marketing he uses to scale his business. Love the show?\xa0Subscribe, rate, review, and share!  Here’s How »  Join the Consulting Success Community today:  consultingsuccess.com ', 'chan_desc': "Welcome to the Consulting Success Podcast, hosted by entrepreneur, coach to Elite consultants, and CEO of Consulting Success Michael Zipursky. On this podcast you'll find interviews with high-performing successful consultants where we cover proven principles, strategies and mindsets to attract clients, increase your income, scale your consulting business and live a life of true freedom and meaningful success.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/5e/6a/a5/5e6aa51d-29aa-47cd-4a9e-ba73d107a149/mza_5829443231391959362.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-06-16'}}

{'Innovation and Leadership': {'title': 'Innovation and Leadership', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Innovation-and-Leadership-id2220819', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Myelin Media', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3643, 'play_count': 29782, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.myelinmedia.com/'], 'ep_total': 119, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:25:04', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:19:34', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:20:58', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:28:53', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:27:38', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:21:43', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:25:18', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:26:49', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:21:19', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:22:29', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': ' |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | ', 'chan_desc': 'Interviews by MyelinMedia.com of uncommonly high achievers and their innovation, leadership and mastery habits. Including Olympic Athletes, CEOs, New York Times Bestselling Authors, Tech Start-Up Billionaires, World Class Musicians, Special Ops, Hollywood Filmmakers, Pro Athletes, SWAT Team Commanders, Non-Profit Executive Directors, Inventors and many more.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/f2/d6/f3/f2d6f31c-6b84-10e2-144c-a3858e2ac924/mza_6551512821727638528.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-05-02'}}

{'Dreams In Drive': {'title': 'Dreams In Drive', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Dreams-In-Drive-id430065', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Rana Campbell', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1027, 'play_count': 26775, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/dreamsindrive', 'https://www.facebook.com/dreamsindrive', 'https://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive', 'https://www.youtube.com/dreamsindrive', 'http://www.dreamsindrive.com'], 'ep_total': 218, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '01:07:00', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:53:54', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:55:14', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:58:50', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:11:46', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:58:54', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:24:52', 0], ['2019-08-12', '01:04:14', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:56:51', 0], ['2019-07-29', '01:10:36', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In order to achieve success, it\'s important to get clear on the blockages in your way. However, many of us don\'t know where to start to receive those breakthroughs. Transformation Coach, Affirmation Queen & Accountability Partner Lenise Dazzel-Harris takes us along her personal #dreamdriving journey and how she found herself doing the work of teaching women how to pivot their perspective to heal their story and manifest their desires. She shares her own personal transformation story and how working on self-love led her to all that she ever wanted - a loving family, a thriving business, and fulfilled clients. Then, we go behind-the-scenes on her signature Clarity Call - where host Rana Campbell opens up about her own fears and doubts building Dreams In Drive. Get ready to listen to the work in real-time and get inspired to start making vibrational changes in your own lives. SHOW NOTES: http:www.dreamsindrive.com/lenise SUPPORT DREAMS IN DRIVE: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate JOIN THE #DREAMSINDRIVE FACEBOOK GROUP:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook SIGN UP FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER - THE KEYS: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/join  FIND LENISE DAZZEL-HARRIS ONLINE: IG:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/we_createshop Web: http://www.createshopplanning.com FIND RANA ON SOCIAL: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rainshineluv  Twitter: http://twitter.com/rainshineluv FIND DREAMS IN DRIVE ON:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive Twitter: http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive Web: http://www.dreamsindrive.com | Mayvenn CEO & Founder Diishan Imira takes us along his #dreamdriving journey and reflects on being a kid growing up in Oakland, graduating from Hampton University and then dreaming big. His desire for exploration and business led him all over world - one of those places being China - the place that spawned his entrepreneurial endeavors and helped lay the ground work for Mayvenn - the largest Black owned hair extensions company in the world.\xa0To date, the company has seen $80 million in revenue and has raised over $36 million in funding. But Diishan\'s story is more than just hair. He opens up about what it was like living in China, the beginning days of Mayvenn selling product out of his trunk, the art of sales, sexy vs. unsexy investing, scaling the company, reinvention and how he unwinds despite being a busy CEO. Diishan is candid about his experience and ready to share his journey with us dream drivers. SHOW NOTES: http:www.dreamsindrive.com/diishan-imira SUPPORT DREAMS IN DRIVE: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate JOIN THE #DREAMSINDRIVE FACEBOOK GROUP:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook SIGN UP FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER - THE KEYS: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/join  FIND DIISHAN ONLINE: IG:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/diishani  Web: http://www.mayvenn.com FIND RANA ON SOCIAL: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rainshineluv  Twitter: http://twitter.com/rainshineluv FIND DREAMS IN DRIVE ON:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive Twitter: http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive Web: http://www.dreamsindrive.com | This week, we\'re chatting with Cyborg Mermaid, creator and chief of DiveMuse - Riane Tyler. An adventurer, educator, and guide to the hidden treasures of the aquatic world, Hollywood, Florida-based Riane offers services such as scuba diving courses, eco yoga yours, and ocean healing retreats for her clients. On this journey we talk about how she first fell in love with water, the realities of being a Black female scuba diver, the challenges and success of building an aquatic-based business, and why the concept of moving past fear serves as an important basis for her work. Riane opens up about this very unique #dreamdriving journey and the rewards of doing what you love. SHOW NOTES: http:www.dreamsindrive.com/riane-tyler SUPPORT DREAMS IN DRIVE: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate JOIN THE #DREAMSINDRIVE FACEBOOK GROUP:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook SIGN UP FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER - THE KEYS: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/join  FIND RIANE ONLINE: IG:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/divemuse FIND RANA ON SOCIAL: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rainshineluv  Twitter: http://twitter.com/rainshineluv FIND DREAMS IN DRIVE ON:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive Twitter: http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive Web: http://www.dreamsindrive.com | You may know Spectacular Smith as 1/4 of the popular 2000s boyband Pretty Ricky. Did you know he is also the CEO and founder of Adwizar - a top INC 500 agency that helps brand and personalities GO VIRAL (and make money)\xa0on social media. We talk about the evolution of Spectacular’s hustle -his early days on Twitter to building Adwizar from the ground up - even though he had many doubters along the way. Spectacular shares the key things all #dreamdrivers need to do as they hustle their way to success and why honing in on your passion and gifts is essential. EPISODE PARTNER: Interested in handcrafted artisan soaps, body washes, body lotions, and whipped sugar scrubs? Created by EP 105 guest Art Steele - Butter Made is committed to using ethically sourced and environmentally friendly natural ingredients. Use the code\xa0DID to get 15% off your\xa0www.buttermadeshop.com order! SHOW NOTES: http:www.dreamsindrive.com/spectacular SUPPORT DREAMS IN DRIVE: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate JOIN THE #DREAMSINDRIVE FACEBOOK GROUP:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook SIGN UP FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER - THE KEYS: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/join  FIND SPECTACULAR ONLINE: IG:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/iamspectacular FIND RANA ON SOCIAL: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rainshineluv  Twitter: http://twitter.com/rainshineluv FIND DREAMS IN DRIVE ON:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive Twitter: http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive Web: http://www.dreamsindrive.com | Welcome to #frontseatfridays - a new #dreamdriving segment where we\'ll open up the podcast to questions and dive into a specific topic head-on and as honest and transparent as possible. This week, host Rana Campbell answers a listener question about not giving up, staying consistent, and finding your purpose. *SUBSCRIBE TO "THE KEYS" NEWSLETTER: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/join *DONATE TO DREAMS IN DRIVE:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate *SHOP THE DREAMS IN DRIVE BOOKSTORE:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/bookstore *SHOW NOTES: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/episode-215 *JOIN THE FACEBOOK GROUP: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook *FREE DOWNLOADABLE RESOURCES: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/free *Follow Dreams In Drive on Social: *http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive *http://instagram.com/dreamsindrive *Follow Rana on Social: *http://instagram.com/rainshineluv *http://twitter.com/rainshineluv *http://www.ranacampbell.com | You can be a mogul, too - if you put in the work. We chat with Tiyana Robinson - a Professional Makeup Artist and Founder of Makeup Mogul University, the world\'s first online business school for professional Makeup Artists. Tiyana shares how she went from working as a Marketing Director to fully embracing her gift for makeup artistry and taking her dreams for FREEDOM to the next level. Tiyana shares the steps she took to strategically evolve her six-figure business into one that helps others learn how they can create money and find opportunities for growth in their own creative practices. She talks the importance of differentiation, confidence, clarity, consistency, hustle, and purpose when #dreamdriving. SHOWNOTES: http:www.dreamsindrive.com/tiyana-robinson SUPPORT DREAMS IN DRIVE: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate JOIN THE #DREAMSINDRIVE FACEBOOK GROUP:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook SIGN UP FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER - THE KEYS: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/join  FIND TIYANA ROBINSON ONLINE:Web:\xa0http://makeupmoguluniversity.com  IG:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/tiyanarobinsonbeauty FIND RANA ON SOCIAL: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rainshineluv  Twitter: http://twitter.com/rainshineluv FIND DREAMS IN DRIVE ON:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive Twitter: http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive Web: http://www.dreamsindrive.com | Are you tired of feeling stuck, or feeling like you have potential and never actually get things done? Do you feel like your willingness or desire levels are on low? Being unmotivated as a Dream Driver can be a total mood AND dream killer. Host Rana Campbell shares 8 of her favorite tips for getting motivated to take action and keep going along the #dreamdriving journey. #DREAMDRIVER TIP OF THE WEEK: Staying on-top of your business finances is crucial. Try Freshbooks if you\'re looking for an invoicing or accounting tool for your self-employment or small business needs. It\'s Dreams In Drive approved! *SUBSCRIBE TO "THE KEYS" NEWSLETTER: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/join *DONATE TO DREAMS IN DRIVE:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate *SHOP THE DREAMS IN DRIVE BOOKSTORE:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/bookstore *SHOW NOTES: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/episode-213 *JOIN THE FACEBOOK GROUP: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook *FREE DOWNLOADABLE RESOURCES: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/free *Follow Dreams In Drive on Social: *http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive *http://instagram.com/dreamsindrive *Follow Rana on Social: *http://instagram.com/rainshineluv *http://twitter.com/rainshineluv *http://www.ranacampbell.com | “Sometimes your biggest failures can lead you to your biggest successes.” We chat with Miko Branch - CEO and co-founder of the pioneering, trailblazing award-winning premium natural hair care brand, Miss Jessie\'s.Along with her beloved sister Titi Branch, the two revolutionized the hair care industry and became a leading pioneer of the natural hair movement by creating hair care solutions and high quality hair care products for curly textures spanning across ethnicities and cultures. Miko opens up about the Miss Jessie\'s creation journey and how she was part of creating and shaping the early "natural hair" movement in the early 2000s. She talks about how she was able to navigate through both failure and success, constantly evolving the brand and bringing it to new heights. Miko shares why it\'s important to guard your dream, think big, and rethink the idea of what it truly means to be an "innovator." She also pays homage to her late sister, Titi - honoring the lessons that Titi\'s passing have instilled in her and how the brand will forever have her indelible footprints on it. ENTER TO WIN MISS JESSIE\'S CURLY PUDDING: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/win SHOWNOTES: http:www.dreamsindrive.com/miko-branch SUPPORT DREAMS IN DRIVE: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate JOIN THE #DREAMSINDRIVE FACEBOOK GROUP:\xa0http://www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook SIGN UP FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER - THE KEYS: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/join  FIND MIKO BRANCH ONLINE: IG:\xa0https://www.instagram.com/mikobranch/ FIND RANA ON SOCIAL: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rainshineluv  Twitter: http://twitter.com/rainshineluv FIND DREAMS IN DRIVE ON:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive Twitter: http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive Web: http://www.dreamsindrive.com | How much could you accomplish if you embraced fear and set out to pursue your passion without thinking of what could go wrong?\xa0This week, we’re chatting with\xa0wellness and editorial nail specialist and owner of Lux K - \xa0Kia Stewart. Kia takes along her interesting #dreamdriving journey and shares how she went from having a career in dentistry to combining her love for hustle + artistry to make a name for herself in the nail care, nail education, and nail art worlds. Kia shares her favorite tips for dream drivers on building clientele, mastering your mind, committing to the hustle, mastering emotional wellness, and being honest with yourself. \xa0 SHOWNOTES: http:www.dreamsindrive.com/kia-stewart SUPPORT DREAMS IN DRIVE: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate JOIN THE #DREAMSINDRIVE FACEBOOK GROUP: www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook SIGN UP FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER - THE KEYS:\xa0www.dreamsindrive.com/join  FIND KIA STEWART ONLINE: IG: http://www.instagram.com/__luxk FIND RANA ON SOCIAL: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rainshineluv  Twitter: http://twitter.com/rainshineluv FIND DREAMS IN DRIVE ON:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive Twitter: http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive Web: http://www.dreamsindrive.com | At thirty years old, Craig Young aka “The Cheap God”\xa0 is living an unconventional life - according to American standards. On April 1, 2018 - he quit his job, sold all things and decided to travel the world - seeking happiness and finding himself along the way. Currently residing in Bali, his goal is to show people of color there is a lot of world to see. The world traveler and Army veteran opens up about his decision to leave the States and all that he’s encountered along the way. He gets honest about what it\'s like navigating mental health issues, being a Black man abroad, experience loneliness- and he reveals the sacrifices of being a solo traveler as a Dream Driver. He also shares his favorite travel hacks for others looking to disrupt their current lives and go experience new things.\xa0 SHOWNOTES: http:www.dreamsindrive.com/craig-young SUPPORT DREAMS IN DRIVE: http://www.dreamsindrive.com/donate JOIN THE #DREAMSINDRIVE FACEBOOK GROUP: www.dreamsindrive.com/facebook SIGN UP FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER - THE KEYS:\xa0www.dreamsindrive.com/join  FIND CRAIG YOUNG ONLINE: IG: http://www.instagram.com/thecheapgod FIND RANA ON SOCIAL: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rainshineluv  Twitter: http://twitter.com/rainshineluv FIND DREAMS IN DRIVE ON:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/dreamsindrive Twitter: http://twitter.com/dreamsindrive Web: http://www.dreamsindrive.com', 'chan_desc': 'Learn how to take your dreams out of PARK and into DRIVE. Host Rana Campbell and weekly guests share their personal #dreamdriving stories and keys to success that have allowed them to successfully create lives full of fulfillment and passion. We chat entrepreneurship, small business advice, professional & personal development, success, branding, marketing, motivational, and general life tips that you can use as you put your #dreamsindrive. Follow us on social @dreamsindrive. For guest pitches, visit www.dreamsindrive.com/pitch.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/77/d8/94/77d89458-329f-459b-0142-07f143ce0b49/mza_1261250187570934552.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-12-27'}}

{'Winning With Shopify': {'title': 'Winning With Shopify', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Winning-With-Shopify-id1249874', 'num_comments': 7, 'author': 'Caroline Balinska', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 245, 'play_count': 3581, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://ecommercemarketinglab.com'], 'ep_total': 57, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:46:35', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:50:56', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:13:47', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:26:19', 1], ['2019-09-02', '00:43:52', 1], ['2019-08-26', '00:22:21', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:34:49', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:38:17', 1], ['2019-07-29', '00:14:45', 1], ['2019-07-22', '00:35:56', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Reconvert your sales into MORE sales!\xa0Turn Your Thank You Page Into a Conversion MachineToday we are going to talk about:Increase sales and drive revenue. Turn one-time customers into returning ones.Use our highly converting thank you pages to Re-Convert them right then and there.RETENTION RETENTION RETENTION!Get crucial info like customers birthday & get them to subscribe for SMS, Messenger and push marketing.Watch the interview and presentation HERE https://www.stilyoapps.info/reconvert | 7 Day Email Challenge:https://www.justaskparker.com/pages/podcast-ep-53-the-7-day-email-challengeSaving up to send emails -stale email addressesSubject Line is OverhypedMessage Preview is OverlookedCreating emails that are too longBuying listsSending too many emailsEmail Focuses on the Product, Not the Customer - Emails should serve the customer not the product.Not sending any welcome emailsEmail Address or From Name is "noreply"Email Offers No Value to Customer - Being Overly Promotional\xa0Email is Void of PersonalityEmail Contains Too ManyNO Calls to Action (CTAs)Dont have trust/customerservice options/reviewsEmail Contains a Personalization errors “FIRSTNAME”Skipping the TestingNot looking at your analytics - which work. Which don’tEmail is Only Images Entire content doesn\'t appear if someone\'s settings are "images off"—and what happens if the image links break!Emails Miss Out on Power of Plain TextEmails are Sent Inconsistently\xa0Too Few Emails are SentUnscubribe link\xa0Email Messages Overlap One AnotherSending too many emails - Sending emails for more than 3 months if not opened. This can cause some email providers to automatically send you to spam.Email List is Never SegmentedEmails Don\'t Follow Customer BehaviorRequired Login to UnsubscribeLogo too bigBeing BoringNot sending any emails | 7 Day Email Challenge: https://www.justaskparker.com/pages/podcast-ep-53-the-7-day-email-challengeUnless you sell over 50 products you need to be doing more than promoting your products in emails.\xa0You must segmenting your list ... but....Don’t over think it - send at least 1 email to everyoneSara - 2nd email is about fashion and what influencers are talking aboutUV blocker - email ideas- audience is cancer, lupus, sun, babies -\xa0So I came up with healthy living, travel and summer being the main topics- people with skin cancel are looking for an umbrella because they plan to go into the sun!Influencers can give you so many ideas for emailsUse the content calendar to plan your emails based on special event days.\xa0 https://www.justaskparker.com/blogs/news/how-to-create-a-content-marketing-calendarIf you work with influencers make sure you MUST add that to the emailsUv-blocker told me yesterday they found out a celebrity was snapped by paparazzi with their umbrella - make sure to put that in an email. | Support the show | I am calling this the month of email!What you need in your emails and why?Over 40 reasons why email should be at the TOP of your marketing task listI have set up a free 7 day email challenge HEREEvery 1000 emails brings you in on average $700! Let\'s get you 1000 new emails!1. Your system - lists and tags2. Welcome emails3. Weekly emails4. Opt-in\xa05. Getting more signups \xa06. Wheel7. Offers | What\'s standing in between you and success?YOU!Stop chasing bright shiny objects and FOCUS!Here are some resources to get you on track to success.Seth Godin talks about how you can live on just 1000 customers...I always say only worry about your first 1000 sales, to begin with. Stop thinking about the 1 million dollars a year if you haven\'t yet proven your business at 1000 sales!Resources I recommend:Get free access to 100 Sales & Beyond here:https://www.1000salesandbeyond.com/SPECIAL-OFFERSocial Media Influencer Summithttps://www.winningwithshopify.com/summitWorkshops New York Septemberhttps://carolinebalinska.as.me/book-workshopsInstasales Challenge\xa0https://www.winningwithshopify.com/instasales-challengeFacebook Grouphttps://www.facebook.com/groups/WinningWithShopify/Instagramhttps://www.instagram.com/justaskparker/Support the show | Nicole - Modrec - Coaching Call Session 3 Part 1This episode includes:Live Workshop DetailsAbandoned Cart EmailsHow to write a good email that worksStatistics and resultsEmail samplesFacebook Ads RetargetingWhy some Facebook Ad Agency doesn\'t workInterest GroupsFacebook Retargeting Live TutorialPerfect AudienceLIVE WORKSHOP LINKPERFECT AUDIENCE LINKSupport the show | I cannot believe that this day has come, it is EPISODE 50 of this Podcast!\xa0Keep listening I have 50 ways to help you get more sales!\xa0I started this podcast originally to help small Shopify Store Merchants, merchants who were earning under about 20,000 a month. I know there are many great podcasts out there and I\'ve had a couple of them invited here in my Podcast. however, what I found was while their Podcasts are brilliant. especially in high-level, I realize that these certain strategies and tactics are too early for most people especially to those who are in the early stage of their business.So that\'s when I came to the conclusion that I had to release a podcast that was really only intended for Newbie merchants. So if you\'re just starting out, even if you\'ve got a huge budget, but if you\'re just starting out or if you have been going at this for a while and you haven\'t hit that 10 20 30,000 a month yet, then this is definitely the podcast for you!And right now, sitting at episode 50 I thought, how could I celebrate this occasion in the best way possible? I started this podcast to help as many people as possible. So I thought, why not give away five free sessions with made each of them for 50 minutes?Listen to the full podcast and learn how to WIN a $300 worth value session!Join the discussions and get the latest updates HEREFollow me on InstagramCheck out my latest Online Courses (FREE+PAID)Support the show | Kaila explains:Make sure to reach out to influencers that have the same aesthetic as your brandGive free products to influencers so they can create content for youUse a website that is easy to navigateUse pop-ups to get emails and build your email listInfluencers would usually work with brands with products that they can useExperiment and do research with micro-influencers if you are starting outDon’t dictate the content to the influencer; Choose an influencer that makes their own content to make it more authenticTrust the influencer to create contentIn fashion, you can get a lot of influencers on PinterestInfographics work really well on PinterestCheck with the influencer if you can reuse contents that they create | It\'s often said that more than half of new businesses fail. However, not all of these businesses need to fail. With the right planning, funding and flexibility, businesses have a better chance of succeeding. After more than 20 years in the industry and 15 years in online marketing, there is a constant issue that I see over and over that we will go through in this episode.Few points we cover in this episode:The difference between offline and online business and why now is the perfect time.Why it\'s fine not to have technical skills to start an online business.Few things that HAVE to happen to make sure you succeed.Brutally honest reality that people need to hearGood NewsBefore the end of this episode, some of you might think and say that I am a terrible person and some might ask "How dare you?!" and there\'s a very good chance that I would lose a lot of listeners (And I\'m okay with that).Share us your thoughts about this topic on our Facebook Group: HERESupport the show', 'chan_desc': "Weekly information for people looking to start, grow and accelerate and Win with their Shopify store without being too techy. Your host Caroline Balinska has over 12 years experience in eCommerce and will dive deep to get the best advice, help, strategies and EPIC WOW knowledge  from Shopify app creators, business and marketing experts. It's not hard if you have the right advice to build a successful online shop so you can lay back, leave the rat race and create a lifestyle you love! No fluff and no smoke and mirrors, just the real actionable advice that will have you WINNING WITH SHOPIFY!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/5d/a2/58/5da25877-4a1e-0abb-f0dd-5ca66af622eb/mza_4276102620256301582.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-04-17'}}

{'Glambition® Radio with Ali Brown': {'title': 'Glambition® Radio with Ali Brown', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Glambition®-Radio-with-Ali-Brown-id1793', 'num_comments': 4, 'author': 'Ali Brown', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 431, 'play_count': 6555, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://alibrown.com/category/glambition/'], 'ep_total': 181, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:17:46', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:32:22', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:57:14', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:53:20', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:33:22', 1], ['2019-08-28', '00:14:49', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:37:32', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:42:42', 0], ['2019-07-24', '00:34:15', 0], ['2019-07-10', '00:40:27', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Join me for an upfront conversation this week on #GlambitionRadio to determine whether the metrics you are honoring in your business could actually be leading you down the WRONG path. On this solo episode, I share some stories of metrics gone right… and wrong… including examples of both the new strategy Madonna is using for […] | The founder of skin care brand Tatcha (which I am currently obsessed with) reveals the behind-the-scenes story of how she built her global luxury beauty company, recently acquired for a rumored $500 million, today on GlambitionRadio.com. It started in 2009, when Vicky Tsai was desperately searching for products that didn’t aggravate her skin. She found […] | Physique 57 co-founder Jennifer Maanavi loved taking dance-inspired barre classes in New York City. The elegant, sophisticated movement suited her in a way the gym never did. So when the studio she loved suddenly closed, she knew someone had to keep this method alive. And she thought… ‘it might as well be me’. Drawing on […] | You CAN build a multi-million dollar business… simply. And Denise Duffield-Thomas has done it. Her powerful, lucrative ‘Money Bootcamp’ program made her a millionaire by age 35… without a huge team, mind-numbing funnels, or layers of unnecessary complexity. And today, her business gives her plenty of ‘unbusy’ time with her husband and their three young […] | I’m doing a bit of a RANT along with some educated observations on this solo episode of #GlambitionRadio, and the subject is the epidemic of *myopic* business owners. ‘Myopic’ basically means being nearsighted, lacking foresight, or lacking insight. Especially within the current online madness, I still see too much ‘following the leader’ and not enough […] | We’ve got a lot of cool things coming up on #GlambitionRadio, so I decided to do a quick update episode for you that walks you through everything in one spot. Listen now to hear about the exciting new show schedule we’re taking on beginning this September, as well as a sneak preview of some of […] | Coyote Ugly Saloon founder Lil Lovell was just 25 when she opened that first bar in New York City. And I remember hearing about it when I lived there in the ‘90s. It had become wildly popular overnight, known for its bartenders (and female customers!) dancing on the bar. And then one of her employees […] | Back when Jessica Yellin began her career in broadcast journalism, she stated at every opportunity: ‘My goal is to be a White House Correspondent.’ (Even when it garnered her some ‘Who do you think you are?’ looks.) And after working her way from local news to MSNBC, ABC, and then Good Morning America, she did […] | She created Addyi, the first FDA-approved drug for women with low libidos, dubbed by the media as ‘the female Viagra’, and sold the company that created it — Sprout Pharmaceuticals — for $1 BILLION. And then last year, she successfully sued to get it BACK. Why? And then what happened? I had to get Cindy […] | It was during a walk down the freezer aisle that Natasha Case saw it: No one had innovated in the ice cream category in decades. And none of the brands on the shelf spoke to her, as a millennial and a woman. In this candid episode at GlambitionRadio.com, Natasha opens up about the risks it […]', 'chan_desc': 'Join renowned entrepreneur + mentor Ali Brown each week\xa0for this award-winning podcast about, and for, women entrepreneurs and leaders who think\xa0big, do different, and share ideas that disrupt the status quo. Ali and her\xa0Glambition Radio guests are\xa0rewriting the rules\xa0for leadership, business success,\xa0making money, and changing the\xa0world. Recent\xa0interviews on this long-running podcast include billion-dollar entrepreneur Cindy Eckert, fashion designer Rebecca Minkoff,\xa0corporate legend Beth Comstock, Orange Theory founder Ellen Latham, financial expert Jean Chatzky, activist Zainab Salbi, and many more. Learn more\xa0about the podcast and Ali at\xa0AliBrown.com.\xa0', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/96/4f/d8/964fd862-fd36-d72a-9f21-080d05748f4e/mza_4704435411663493185.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-01-21'}}

{'The Squad Life': {'title': 'The Squad Life', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Squad-Life-id2179814', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Crystal Blin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 21, 'play_count': 168, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://thesquadlife.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 17, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:37:59', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:27:36', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:13:08', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:29:45', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:09:59', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:35:45', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:34:54', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:33:15', 0], ['2019-07-30', '00:25:54', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Have you ever wonder what a life or business coach could do for you? I mean with the amount of self help books and podcasts out there couldn't you figure out that stuff on your own? Marlene Eick, podcast host of Live Your Story and business coach, helps put into perspective why you might need a coach to take things to the next level. We also discuss forming adult relationships and why you want to surround yourself with women that will pull you up.\xa0  IG: @marleneeick Support Brooke Taylor's Breast Cancer Fight:\xa0https://crystalcattle.blogspot.com/p/think-bright.html  Show Notes:\xa0www.crystal-cattle.com  If you loved this episode subscribe, share a screenshot on social or send Crystal a message. Join our community on Instagram by using the hashtag #thesquadlife and tag @crystalcattle. | Regan Doely is the brains behind Doe a Deer Design a graphic design company with a line of homeware goodies. Regan has always been a creative but as she decided to jump into business there were things to figure out like did she need a coach, how to stay motivated, what should she pay herself.\xa0 IG: @doeadeerdesign Promo Code: Receive 10% off at www.doeadeerdesign.com with code SQUAD10 Show Notes:\xa0www.crystal-cattle.com  If you loved this episode subscribe, share a screenshot on social or send Crystal a message. Join our community on Instagram by using the hashtag #thesquadlife and tag @crystalcattle. | In 2008 I was a recent college grad and hit the ground running work in corporate marketing for the next 10 years. I worked my way up the ladder, and was respected in my field. Young people would come up to me and express how much they wanted my job when they grew up. And then I left it all... for something so much bigger. Something that gave me more joy than I ever thought was possible. Today for the first time ever I share the full story.\xa0  If you like today's episode don't forget to share it on social with the hashtag #thesquadlife or tag me @crystalcattle in your post.\xa0 Mentioned in this episode:  Keep Collective Crystal's Squad Insiders @daniellejredner  If you have questions or ideas for future episodes email squadlifepodcast@gmail.com | Why is it so hard to be bold and brave sharing that you have a work from home gig? Ally Bilhorn, Sweet and Savory Eats food blogger and entrepreneur and I discuss the perceptions that others have and how we have to be brave to stay our own course.\xa0 IG: @sweetsavoryeats Show Notes:\xa0www.crystal-cattle.com If you loved this episode subscribe, share a screenshot on social or send Crystal a message. Join our community on Instagram by using the hashtag #thesquadlife and tag @crystalcattle. | Sheridan is a small town Kansas girl that is living life the exact opposite of small. She juggles a corporate career, trips to Spice girl concerts, the remodeling of her van and has a really awesome dog. We talk loss of a parent, comparison and what true friendship looks like.\xa0 IG: @sheridan_w or @havanathevan Show Notes:\xa0www.crystal-cattle.com If you loved this episode subscribe, share a screenshot on social or send Crystal a message. Join our community on Instagram by using the hashtag #thesquadlife and tag @crystalcattle. | Ever feel like you are running in a million directions or maybe you don't have any direction at all? In this episode, I walk you through the 100 Goal exercise to help you identify what is important in your life.\xa0  If you like today's episode don't forget to share it on social with the hashtag #thesquadlife or tag me @crystalcattle in your post.\xa0 Mentioned in this episode:  @campclimb @emmahicks @beingbossclub  If you have questions or ideas for future episodes email squadlifepodcast@gmail.com | From the age of seven, Nikki Hynek of Dollup Beauty, knew that she would have a product based business. Over the past 30 years, Nikki has road the ups and downs of being an entrepreneur. If you need to figure out how to move past the failures, a reminder about why fortune is in the follow up and inspiration on going after your own dreams this is the episode for you.\xa0 \xa0 IG: dollupbeautyco or dollupdarling Show Notes: www.crystal-cattle.com If you loved this episode subscribe, share a screenshot on social or send Crystal a message. Join our community on Instagram by using the hashtag #thesquadlife and tag @crystalcattle. | When your business philosophy is that no matter if you are Molly Sims, Kendra Scott or a women that has just started her own business everyone gets treated the same it will set you on a path to success. Becki Smith of Smith House Photo entered the photography world with a shot of tequila and is now one of the most sought after business photographers. In this episode you'll learn how you can apply her approach to learning and business to any niche or industry.\xa0 IG: smithhousephoto or becki___smithhousephoto Show Notes: www.crystal-cattle.com If you loved this episode subscribe, share a screenshot on social or send Crystal a message. Join our community on Instagram by using the hashtag #thesquadlife and tag @crystalcattle. | How does one go from dream corporate career, to side gig to owning your own business? Nichole Rohrich, boy mom of soon to be FOUR figured it all out and even was able to get Rachel Hollis to wear one of her\xa0Minted Olive\xa0shirts. IG: @the.minted.olive Minted Olive Discount Code:\xa0https://bit.ly/2YI53Yo If you loved this episode subscribe, share a screenshot on social or send Crystal a message. Join our community on Instagram by using the hashtag #thesquadlife and tag @crystalcattle. | Raquel Lynn founder of the Horses and Heels blog and empire (seriously she is everywhere) shares tangible tips on how to start and stay consistent with a blog. She also gives some dynamite advice about why a email list is so important.\xa0 Instagram: @horsesandheels_ Beauty Product: Kiehl's Face Oil and High Meadow Skin Cream", 'chan_desc': 'Entrepreneur and social selling leader, Crystal Blin shares the stories of how small town girls like herself are fearlessly going after their dreams. Each episode Crystal and her squad will give you insight on how to pursue your big idea, live a life of joy and step outside of your comfort zone. Instagram: @crystalcattle Email your questions or show ideas to squadlifepodcast@gmail.com', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/f0/ba/b1/f0bab1ad-4bb8-0ae5-fba9-4654a9c69f8e/mza_1195672994496873911.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-06-23'}}

{'El Show de Superhábitos': {'title': 'El Show de Superhábitos', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/El-Show-de-Superhábitos-id1067310', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Superhábitos.com', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1499, 'play_count': 13971, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://superhabitos.com'], 'ep_total': 254, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '01:19:51', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:41:03', 0], ['2019-09-19', '01:27:06', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:38:59', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:39:17', 1], ['2019-08-29', '00:36:40', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:43:50', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:47:06', 0], ['2019-08-08', '00:50:26', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:46:10', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': '“No se trata solamente de dar una solución a un problema; el buen marketing tiene como objetivo comunicar eficientemente esta solución a la persona adecuada (tu cliente objetivo) y brindarle una experiencia entera. Es decir, agregar valor”. Esto nos decía en la entrevista Rodrigo Ferreri, creador de ECODIEM, una academia online que se dedica a facilitar el aprendizaje de técnicas de marketing a emprendedores y empresarios que quieren transformar su vida a través del mundo digital. Esta es la segunda vez que Rodri viene a nuestro podcast a compartir un poco de su perspectiva. Fue una entrevista inusual, no solo porque hicimos malabares para poder entrar los cuatro en el estudio de grabación (¡lo logramos!), sino porque hablamos de temas muy variados, entre ellos: Los errores más comunes que cometen los emprendedores en el marketing de su negocio. Por qué no es bueno simplemente delegar la parte de marketing (sin entender cómo funciona). Fuentes de información sobre marketing que causan estragos en los emprendimientos. Y muchas, muchas cosas más. (En serio, hasta tuvimos una discusión sobre las técnicas revolucionarias de marketing de los vendedores de pulseritas en las playas). En este episodio conversamos con Rodri Ferreri sobre todo lo que deben saber los emprendedores (latinoamericanos, sobre todo) acerca de marketing digital. | El primer paso para organizarse y ser productivos trabajando desde casa es entender que, como emprendedores, nuestro éxito se mide en resultados, no en el tiempo que pasamos frente a la computadora o haciendo cosas.Eso quiere decir que es mucho mejor trabajar media hora estando super enfocados, que trabajar 3 horas de forma entrecortada sin llegar a nada.Una vez que tenemos esto en claro, podemos realizar los cambios necesarios para organizarnos mejor, como: Generar hábitos para poder trabajar mejor Crear rituales para sentirnos menos cansados (¡sí, es posible!)Tener las < conversaciones necesarias con los demás (familiares, amigos) para que respeten ese espacio y tiempo de trabajoNo hace falta invertir grandes sumas de dinero en aislantes de sonido, en construir otra habitación o en aparatos tecnológicos extraños para poder aumentar nuestra productividad en el hogar.Poder trabajar desde casa es simple, siempre y cuando se lo plantee de manera correcta. Es por eso que decidimos compartir los tips que utilizamos nosotros para poder organizarnos mejor y ser productivos en casa. En este episodio compartimos nuestros consejos y recomendaciones sobre cómo trabajar en casa y organizarse mejor | Parte del problema lo tiene la mentalidad “Tener dinero es malo… mejor pobre, pero honrado”, “Como emprendedor tengo un techo, no puedo crecer tanto”, “Invertir es muy peligroso”. Estos son solo algunos de los cientos de bloqueos que puede tener una persona con el tema financiero y que Rodri se ha propuesto rebatir con su podcast. En síntesis, su propósito es este: ayudar a las personas que sufren estrés por las finanzas a establecer objetivos financieros y saber cómo cumplirlos. Si quieres saber cómo lo hace y qué consejos tiene para ti no te pierdas este episodio. En este episodio conversamos con Rodri sobre finanzas personales, bloqueos mentales y cómo ganar tranquilidad en el ámbito financiero como emprendedor. | Nico tenía una pasión efervescente por la tradición local y, sobre todo, tenía muchísima motivación. Esto lo llevó a crear una marca de ropas que fusiona lo andino con lo moderno, lo artesanal y lo industrial (y, por más contradictorio que parezca\xa0el minimalismo también). Una marca que empezó a ser reconocida por su exclusividad y que empezó a crecer a pasos agigantados. Lo más impresionante de todo es que lo logró sin haber estudiado diseño de modas ni administración de empresas. Como no podría ser de otra manera, con el crecimiento del negocio, Nico se enfrentó a varios desafíos: La necesidad de profesionalizarse. Lograr el equilibrio entre el negocio y la vida personal. No dejarse llevar por la corriente. Ninguno de estos desafíos fue fácil de superar (de hecho, siguen ahí de manera diaria). Para lidiar con ellos, Nico recurrió a distintas herramientas, desde terapia hasta el calendario maya. ¿Sabes cuál fue la pieza clave? La misma que lo había impulsado en primer lugar y de la que te habla en esta entrevista. En este episodio conversamos con Nico sobre cómo convertir una pasión en un negocio rentable y cómo gestionar el crecimiento de una empresa sin perder la cabeza. | Los objetivos no son objetivos en sí mismos, sino que son herramientas. Parece un trabalenguas, ¿no? Pero la cuestión es sencilla. Los emprendedores nos ponemos objetivos para que ellos nos guíen hacia una meta (nuestra visión personal), teniendo en cuenta de que no vivimos en una cajita de cristal en donde somos inmunes a los contratiempos. Es por eso que los objetivos son una herramienta más de un sistema de organización mucho más grande y complejo. Complementan la misión y la visión personal y, contrario a ser una estructura rígida, en realidad son flexibles. Viendo los objetivos como herramientas, no queda espacio para la frustración. ¿Lo ves? Es una cuestión de mentalidad. En este episodio conversamos sobre cómo manejar la frustración por no haber cumplido objetivos | La clave está en cruzar todo lo que puede ofrecer la herramienta con lo que necesita tu negocio en ese momento, perderle el miedo a la automatización y no dejarse guiar por las herramientas que están de moda. Esta frase resume la entrevista que le hicimos a Leo, el encargado de llevar todas las plataformas que están detrás de Superhábitos para que no solo funcionen perfectamente, sino que estén integradas entre sí.Si no fuera por él, no podríamos estar al día con todos los emails, los contenidos de los cursos, las métricas, etc. Así como a nosotros, Leo ha ayudado a otros emprendedores a automatizar y sistematizar procesos a medida que sus negocios van creciendo, para así poder seguir escalando y cumplir con todas sus metas.Por eso, nos pudo compartir datos clave sobre cómo elegir la mejor herramienta para cada negocio y cómo llevar a cabo la transición de un sistema a otro. En este episodio conversamos con Leo sobre cómo sistematizar y automatizar correctamente un negocio para seguir creciendo | Si bien son muchos los hábitos que pueden ayudar a una persona a lograr sus metas en relación con su negocio, Nati ha identificado 4 hábitos principales que marcan una diferencia total entre los emprendedores que los practican y los que no: Pedir ayuda (a las personas correctas); 2. Expresar los objetivos “en voz alta” (y evaluarlos); 3. Celebrar los logros (¡y aprender a hacerlo!); 4. Ir paso a paso (sin que la ansiedad y el ego se interpongan). Todos estos hábitos tienen consecuencias directas y concretas sobre el rendimiento de los emprendedores, sobre todo en lo que respecta a mantener la constancia y la motivación. De hecho, incluso pueden ayudar a ahorrar muchísimo dinero. Sí, parecen sencillos, pero el impacto que tienen en la vida de los emprendedores es mucho mayor de lo que parece. Sobre estos efectos (y sobre cómo implementar correctamente estos hábitos) nos explayamos durante la entrevista. En este episodio conversamos con Nati sobre los principales hábitos que diferencian a los emprendedores que tienen éxito y aquellos que no. | Sos un tonto. En vez de guardarte todo lo que sabés, se lo estás enseñando a los demás para que te saquen el trabajo Dante escuchó esta afirmación muchas veces mientras organizaba cursos y capacitaba a otras personas para llevar adelante los diversos proyectos que creaba. Lejos de hacer caso, lo que respondió fue que, en vez de cerrarse y quedarse en su zona de confort, prefería abrir su campo de conocimiento e incorporar nuevas habilidades para seguir creciendo. Así como cuando entró a la sala para nuestra entrevista: explorando nuevos lugares y nuevas posibilidades, estando siempre atento y escuchando a las personas a su alrededor para aprender de ellas y aplicar todo lo que aprendía. Seguir haciendo cursos, aprender y explorar diferentes áreas de conocimiento le ayudó a: Volverse un experto en hacer networking, conocer a más gente y generar equipos. Auto-conocerse y descubrir cosas de sí mismo que desconocía. Batallar el ego mientras crecía como emprendedor y empresario. Estas son solo algunas de las formas en que Dante decidió salir de su zona de confort para seguir escalando con su negocio y vivir la vida que siempre quiso. En este episodio conversamos con Dante para desentrañar su método para hacer escalar su negocio y seguir creciendo como emprendedor y empresario. | Lo escucho en todos lados, así que debe ser lo más importante. Esta es una justificación común de los emprendedores que arrancan su negocio tomando cursos de marketing digital y que estudian cómo hacer un buen plan de publicidad en Instagram, Facebook y en todas las redes sociales posibles. Sí, la publicidad en internet está de moda y es el boom del momento, esto es innegable. El problema es que esto es como empezar a construir una casa por el tejado. Existen una serie de pasos previos y fundamentales que debes tomar antes de crear tu primera campaña publicitaria. Tener en claro qué es lo que haces (cómo ayudas a los demás). Saber exactamente a quién estás apuntando (y perder el miedo a segmentar). Conocer a fondo tu producto y validarlo (para saber cómo crear una oferta irresistible). Sin estos elementos, lo más probable es que pierdas dinero en vez de generar ventas. En cambio, si los tienes en claro, no solo lograrás vender, sino que sabrás adaptarte a las nuevas tendencias de ventas que vendrán en el futuro. ¿Creías que es fundamental aprender sobre marketing digital? ¡Quién sabe qué técnicas se vienen más adelante! Con el paso a paso del que hablamos en este episodio no importa si tienes que hacer videos, publicidad o hasta hologramas… podrás vender de manera fácil y natural en cualquier contexto. En este episodio conversamos sobre el paso a paso previo que debe hacer un emprendedor antes de crear una campaña publicitaria para vender sus productos o servicios | ¿Qué debo hacer antes de renunciar a mi trabajo para iniciar mi negocio propio? El primer paso (y del que dependen todos los demás) es definir tus objetivos. Empecemos con la frase de arriba. Lo que quieres no es renunciar para iniciar tu propio negocio. No, tu objetivo va mucho más allá. Iniciar un negocio no es un fin en sí mismo, sino una herramienta para lograr otras metas mucho más profundas. Por ejemplo, uno no quiere bajar de peso solo porque sí, sino por otros objetivos ulteriores. Algunos quieren hacerlo para estar más sanos y, teniendo eso en mente, tomarán unas medidas determinadas (como hacer ejercicios y comer bien). Otros querrán hacerlo sencillamente para verse bien, sin importar su salud, y actuarán en consecuencia (por ejemplo, haciendo dietas extremas y tomando pastillas).Volvamos al tema y pregúntate esto ¿para qué quieres iniciar tu propio negocio? Recuerda esto: nadie emprende para sufrir (ni para volver atrás). ¿Qué hacer una vez que tengas tus objetivos en claro? De eso es lo que hablamos en el episodio de hoy. En este episodio conversamos sobre las señales que tienes que tener en cuenta para saber cuándo renunciar a tu trabajo para ser un emprendedor a tiempo completo.', 'chan_desc': 'Un Podcast para emprendedores en el que cada semana compartimos en familia  y entre mates, hábitos y herramientas que hacen que iniciar un negocio sea simple.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts128/v4/ce/93/86/ce9386ba-3400-179d-9d78-4d8b528e6c07/mza_8351918935778489770.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-02-18'}}

{'In the Dressing Room': {'title': 'In the Dressing Room', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/In-the-Dressing-Room-id2279955', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Megan Tamte', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 12, 'play_count': 53, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://inthedressingroom.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 7, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '00:42:42', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:40:08', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:43:01', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:30:35', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:40:52', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:56:55', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:02:03', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "I feel like the luckiest mom in the world to be IN THE DRESSING ROOM with my daughter, Allison. Allison has been an important part of the EVEREVE story from the very beginning. She was the two month old baby who cried in the dressing room on that horrible shopping day—which inspired the EVEREVE brand 22 years ago. Now she's all grown up, leaving the nest and ready to live life on her own.\xa0 In this sweet episode, we talk about what it was like for her to watch me evolve from being a stay-at-home mom to an entrepreneur right before her very eyes, what I did right, and what I need to work on. My favorite part of this episode is talking about what fires her up and stirs her soul: creating budgets (she’s just like her dad) and serving others in need. We had so much fun answering our audience's questions about our relationship. Even though I’m her mama, Allison teaches me so much, and know you’re going to love learning from her too!\xa0 | My friend Shauna Niequist is IN THE DRESSING ROOM with me today! Shauna is the author of five books—including one of my all-time favorites, NYT best seller\xa0Present Over Perfect.\xa0 In this episode, we share the story of how we became friends (it was kind of awkward at first). We also talk about Shauna’s recent move to New York City, and what it’s like to become a beginner again. Shauna’s relationship with fashion has evolved over the years so it was fun to catch up with her on what she is learning about herself in terms of fashion. Shauna is one of the wisest and most authentic women I know and I am so excited to share our conversation with you! | I’m so excited that my friend, mentor and EVEREVE board member Gordon Segal is in the dressing room.\xa0 Gordon is the co-founder and former CEO of one of my all-time favorite brands—Crate & Barrel. In this episode, you will hear Gordon’s story about building Crate & Barrel, and find out why he decided to invest in EVEREVE.\xa0 Gordon and I talk business, leadership, retail and design. We also talk about how passion is a key ingredient to becoming a successful leader and entrepreneur. Gordon is full of wisdom, and I know you’re going to enjoy learning from him as much as I do.\xa0 | Kelsey Terry is the founder of Spectrum QA—a digital testing company that employs individuals on the Autism spectrum to find bugs, threats and improvements to companies' digital products. Kelsey was a tech consultant at EVEREVE for a year and a half. The story of her company and time consulting at EVEREVE inspired me, touched me deeply and is one of my favorite HEART stories of the year! During our conversation, we discuss our own vulnerabilities (Kelsey’s is fashion, mine is tech), how EVEREVE HEART values helped rewrite her fashion story, and the importance of fully embracing who we are—glitches and all—to experience the joy of work! Kelsey talks about the journey of embracing her autism, and how she is leveraging what some might perceive as a “glitch” to build a company that taps into the giftedness and greatness of people on the spectrum. | I’m so excited to introduce you to a very important member of the EVEREVE family, Karrie Helm. Karrie’s eight years of leadership in our stores, both as a manager and regional director, has added incredible value to the promise of the EVEREVE brand: to deliver joy in the dressing room! I wanted to sit down and learn from Karrie because she’s a woman filled with so much joy, yet I know her personal and professional journey has not always been easy. Karrie reminds me that joy is a choice and with the right mindset and attitude, everyone can find it. | In today’s episode, I’m thrilled to have the opportunity to learn from EVEREVE’s Chief Merchandising Officer, Kristen MacVey. We talk about the importance of being a leader who casts a clear and compelling vision while establishing guardrails. Of course, we also talk fall fashion—you are going to love getting the inside scoop on the exciting new product arriving in our stores this fall. Kristen is warm, smart and fashionable, and I know you’re going to enjoy learning from her as much as I do. | Entrepreneur and EVEREVE co-founder + co-CEO Megan Tamte has spent fifteen years building what is one of the fastest-growing women’s fashion brands in America today. Peek behind the curtain as she sits down\xa0with EVEREVE friends and family\xa0for stripped-down conversations on business, leadership and fashion. \xa0", 'chan_desc': 'Entrepreneur and EVEREVE co-founder + co-CEO Megan Tamte has spent fifteen years building what is one of the fastest-growing women’s fashion brands in America today. Peek behind the curtain as she sits down with friends and members of the EVEREVE community for stripped-down conversations on business, leadership and fashion.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/ff/dc/4f/ffdc4f13-7896-d987-843c-1ccf25bec644/mza_6440359815632091924.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-20'}}

{'The Construction Life': {'title': 'The Construction Life', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Construction-Life-id2373840', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Manny Neves', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 3, 'play_count': 23, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://podcast.rss.com/theconstructionlife/'], 'ep_total': 23, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '01:02:59', 0], ['2019-09-28', '01:08:05', 0], ['2019-09-21', '01:14:21', 0], ['2019-09-15', '01:03:01', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:57:14', 0], ['2019-09-15', '01:04:02', 0], ['2019-09-15', '01:19:07', 0], ['2019-09-15', '01:09:34', 0], ['2019-09-14', '01:03:56', 0], ['2019-09-14', '01:03:42', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "What a great podcast on Windows, Doors and Garage Doors, we get right into what's the norm, how to install and the clients. We have Joe Fernandes from @Joerf1 as our guest, with decades of experience we get ritght into everything to do with these openings in your home. Why most go one style over another, what are the good, bad and ugly truths about installing windows. \xa0Why clients always go cheap and learn thigns the hard way. Are the upgrades worth it? And so much more as Manny and Carlito and Joe have a blast while educating.\xa0 | Manny and Carlito have a very special guest on today's podcast, Matthew from e6 Analytics talking about how to run your construction better. We get right into how you as a tradesperson, contractor and general contractor should get organized. \xa0From contracts, to scheduling to progress to closing out the job no matter if it's a powder room or a complete new build. Plenty of great ideas presented in this weeks show. | Manny and Carlito\xa0have Omid @thetileguy.gta and Flo @procustompainting both of them being 24 years old as guests on today's show. \xa0A couple of 47 year olds vs a couple of 24 year old trades. \xa0 What could go wrong? We get right into it, no BS here and you will be surprised what Omid and Flo have to say about their generation. \xa0Sorry Eddy, you made your own bed. We might have to do a follow up to this show and topic, after 74 mins we still had more to discuss. \xa0 This is The Construction Life. | Manny and Carlito are back in the saddle without Mikey. \xa0The Construction Life podcast will go on as Manny and Carlito have a lot to share since the last time these two contractors have been recorded. \xa0Its a funfilled show talking a little bit of everything to do with construction. Hold on to your butts cause we don't hold back and with Carlito on his own proffesionally\xa0speaking, there doesn't\xa0seem to be a filter so you know this talk will get good. Great to be back and both of us are commited\xa0to producing some great shows and stir up that construction talk all over again. This is The Construction Life. | Manny is on location at Skyluxe Roofing workshop and breakroom talking roofing with Mark and Jordan and we have Ben from Soprema join us too. \xa0 We get talking about everything to do with roofing and that trade and the business. \xa0What an amazing talk. This is The Construction Life. | Let's get LOUD!! \xa0We get talking about soundproofing and the simple but important steps required to help with sound transfer in your renovation. \xa0 Plenty of great products from MSL to help guide you during key steps of any construction projects. This is The Construction Life. | Join Manny as he talks with Todd from Schluter and Omid The Tile Guy himself as we get very orange and talk all things Schluter. \xa0 We don't stop there, we get into the history of Schluter, all of their products and what to expect for the future of tiling and Schluter. \xa0This talk has been one Manny has been waiting for a very long time. This is The Construction Life. | Manny invites Joe and Ben from Soprema and we get right into the building envelope and what's really important. This has always been an amazing topic for Manny and the information in this podcast is super valuable. This is The Construction Life. | The Construction Life hosts talk about using social media to build your construction brand, attract clients, find subtrades, teach and learn from others and deal with Trollaholics out there. Yes, social media can consume a lot of your downtime, and work time but social media can also be a great tool in your business. Listen in, as the boys share a few secrets that have worked for them, and they will also share a few things to avoid. This is The Construction Life. | We have a very special guest, Tony and we are on location at his store Mississauga Hardware Centre just outside the Toronto core. On today's show, we talk about Mom and Pop Shops, Big Box Stores, the Construction Industry and what makes Mississauga Hardware Centre, a shop that has been around for 28 years a great place for laughs and deals. We can't stop talking about the store, the staff, Mom and Pop, the contractors who visit, the tools and even Dragon Slayers comes up more than once, you don't want to miss this show. Listen in as the Construction Life crew has a lot of fun talking with Tony, one of the most respected gentlemen in the construction business. This is The Construction Life.", 'chan_desc': 'Good Enough Is Not Good Enough For Us', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/0d/c5/c8/0dc5c82d-0e52-9634-80ee-ec1ddf5bc5f4/mza_462550389968300731.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-14'}}

{'CEO-ish': {'title': 'CEO-ish', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/CEO-ish-id2377784', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jill Donovan', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 1, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://podcast.rusticcuff.com'], 'ep_total': 12, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:16:49', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:17:42', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:13:31', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:07:43', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:18:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:20:55', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:22:23', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:11:13', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:09:25', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:39:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Jill\'s mom, Judy, shares candidly (without holding anything back) the best advice she would give herself if she could go back four decades. | Today Jill wonders if anyone in the entire company actually can say the Rustic Cuff Mission statement from memory. She decides to give a day off to the first person that can say it word for word. | Jill catches Casey Page by surprise in the middle of the day with just what she needed | Jill sets off on a mission to find another Jill Donovan with a fierce determination to not give up until a connection is made. | Jill and Kelly take an honest look at what happens when texting turns molehills into mountains and how to put on the brakes when your texting gets out of control. | Jill asks the company to empty out their entire closet at home and only put back in those items which bring joy. Thank you, Marie Kondos, for the inspiration! | Are you a dreamer? Literally. Do you remember your dreams when you wake up in the morning or are you one of those that say "I never dream!" Today\'s episode will remind you that God uses dreams for many reasons. | Today Jill asks the question, "What is the greatest lesson you learned from your first job?" Listen as she attempts to make things right with a former employer from more than 30 years ago. | If you have ever wondered what to do when your significant other is not as sure as you are about a future together, then listen in as Kelly humorously shares her story about how she handled those emotions and how that confidence and strength continues to help her even now...three children later! | Have you ever thought about the teachers that have had the greatest impact on your life? Have you ever wanted to reach out and just say thank you for the kindness they poured into your life? Today\'s podcast will inspire you to find that teacher and let them know what a difference they have made.', 'chan_desc': 'CEO-ish will inspire you in practical ways to live and lead from your OWN story instead of creating a sequel from someone else’s. Whether you are a beginner in the world of leadership or have been in it for decades, CEO-ish will bring a fresh new perspective on how you relate, communicate, and inspire your team.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/1e/6f/65/1e6f65b5-e8ea-6d39-6c21-b901ba11e4bd/mza_4249136933394124560.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-09'}}

{'What Works | Small Business Podcast': {'title': 'What Works | Small Business Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/What-Works-|-Small-Business-Podcast-id1703035', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Tara McMullin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1443, 'play_count': 28919, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://explorewhatworks.com/more-episodes/'], 'ep_total': 229, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:50:22', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:07:00', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:40:52', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:40:53', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:45:38', 1], ['2019-09-17', '00:42:05', 1], ['2019-09-12', '00:47:51', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:36:27', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:37:04', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:51:34', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': "Today, I invited my dear friend Charlie Gilkey back on the show to talk about the subject of his new book, Start Finishing: How To Go From Idea To Done. It's perfect for this month we're spending on resilience.You see, Start Finishing, sounds like a book on productivity—and it is. But it's the kind of productivity book that only a philosopher could write. And this is the kind of interview on productivity, decision-making, planning, and doing your best work that only a philosopher could give.If you don't know Charlie already, let me give you a bit of background. Charlie is a PhD candidate in philosophy at the University of Nebraska. He was a logistics officer in the Army National Guard and was deployed in Iraq. He's now the co-founder & CEO of Productive Flourishing, which helps people build better businesses through strategic planning, system development, self-mastery, and personal effectiveness.I wanted to find out what resilience has to do with the way we do—or do not—complete the projects that we start and the goals we half-heartedly commit to.My conversation with Charlie certainly provided some answers to that question—and a whole lot more.The post EP 241: Finishing What You Start With Start Finishing Author Charlie Gilkey appeared first on What Works. | Today, you're going to hear from me.A few months back, I got an email from Malia Russell, the founder & host of Big Dreams. Bold Moves., which helps expat families deal with the challenges—and opportunities!—of living and working abroad. Malia wanted to know if I'd do an episode on what works for What Works.So I invited her to interview me and pick my brain about how things have evolved at What Works, why we've landed on running things the way we do, the mistakes I've made along the way, and what goes on behind-the-scenes.By the end of this interview, I think you'll have a better idea of why I'm steadfastly committed to What Works and the philosophy that powers it. Plus, you'll learn more about what's working for us right now.The post EP 240: Leveraging Commitment To Find What Works With Tara McMullin And Big Dreams Bold Moves Host Malia Russell appeared first on What Works. | My guest is Debra Giunta, the founder of Design Dance, a community dance education company that's reaching over 1500 K-12 students with arts education and social-emotional learning every year.I talk with Debra about her vision for Design Dance and how it led her to making important choices about when she started hiring help. We also talk about how Design Dance has expanded from its original school partner into 50 different sites, how she hires teachers to manage all those programs, and the nitty-gritty of how the business runs on the inside.The post EP 239: Expanding Your Capacity Beyond The Classroom With Design Dance Founder Debra Giunta appeared first on What Works. | My guest is Natalie Gingrich, the founder of The Ops Authority.After spending 15 years in corporate at a Fortune 150 company, she dove into entrepreneurship leveraging her project management and HR experience to assist high-level influencers in the online and small business worlds. What she discovered along the way was that there was a ton of super capable women whose skill sets were not leveraged and whose natural tendency toward leadership wasn’t acknowledged.In this conversation, Natalie and I talk about why she decided to create a certification program instead of an online course, why she takes screening candidates very seriously, and how the certification unfolds from start to finish. We also talk about some of the new opportunities she sees for growth now that the certification program is underway & successful.The post EP 238: Scaling Up With A Certification Program  With The Ops Authority Founder Natalie Gingrich appeared first on What Works. | My guest today had a business that resembles so many: one that required her constant input, expertise, and care just to stay afloat.While she felt like it was already a success in many ways, Katey Schultz realized that her business wasn't really meeting her needs. She wanted more of a challenge. She wanted more time. She wanted more money.So Katey started to look at how to scale her offer, a monthly mentorship for writers.This conversation is the story of her journey to do that. We talk through the mindset shifts she needed to make, the experiments she ran, and the aha! moment that made her realize she'd scaled the wrong thing.The post EP 237: Discovering What Scales With Writer & Maximum Impact Founder Katey Schultz appeared first on What Works. | Carol is the founder of Speaking Your Brand, a speech coaching agency that helps women entrepreneurs and executives craft their signature talks.I wanted to ask Carol how she worked out the recipe to her own special sauce so she could start training the first speech coach she brought on board.Carol and I talk about the time and energy she put into working with clients 1:1, paying attention to exactly how she worked her magic. We also chat about how she knew it was time to hire, what have been her biggest fears throughout the process, and how her mindset about the business she's building has shifted.The post EP 236: Leveraging Your Special Sauce With Speaking Your Brand Founder Carol Cox appeared first on What Works. | Susan Boles is the founder of ScaleSpark, a consulting firm that helps companies break through growth ceilings by fixing back-end processes and creating systems designed to scale.One way she does that is by addressing operational capacity problems through software. She helps business owners and their teams get more done by better utilizing the software they have—or the software they should be using.In this conversation, I ask Susan what's working for her clients—how she helps them identify their operational challenges, choose the best software, and adapt their processes to create additional capacity. We also talk about the challenging work of implementing new software—and how to make a change easier and more effective.The post EP 235: What’s Working To Scale With Software With Scale Spark Founder Susan Boles appeared first on What Works. | Today, my guest is Marie Poulin—our first 3 time guest here on the pod!Marie is not someone to miss the important questions. Her and her husband Ben are building Oki Doki with the life and work they want to lead top of mind. That choice has brought them face to face with some scrutiny from people with a scale-or-die mindset.Marie recently wrote a lengthy article about her choice not to scale—or, not to scale in any conventional way—so, of course, I wanted to bring her on the show while we're covering scale to talk about it!Marie and I chat about the hybrid business model Oki Doki has developed, the cocktail party conversation that shook her up, how she approaches finding a equilibrium with her energy, and how her focus on profitability has paid off.The post EP 234: Choosing Not To Scale With Oki Doki Co-Founder Marie Poulin appeared first on What Works. | Building a subscription-based product is one key way small businesses can scale up.But they can require a significant trade-off in at the beginning. It takes time, energy, infrastructure, and savvy marketing to get to a point where the business is healthy and profitable.I know this from personal experience.So does Callie Willows, the co-founder of The Membership Guys. Callie runs Member Site Academy, a leading training resource and community for membership site owners.Callie and I talk about why The Membership Guys chose to focus on just one offer, the mindset shifts she's had to make running a membership site, the operations that go into keeping members happy, and how running a membership site is a great fit for her as an introvert.The post EP 233: Creating Scale With A Single Offer With Membership Guys Co-Founder Callie Willows appeared first on What Works. | Is it too early to start thinking about scaling your business? Absolutely not! Tara & Sean McMullin have started a brand new business and are starting with scale in mind from the get-go. Here's how they're doing it.The post EP 232: Scaling From The Start With Yellow House Media Co-Founders Sean & Tara McMullin appeared first on What Works.", 'chan_desc': "Tara McMullin (formerly Tara Gentile) hosts candid conversations with small business owners about what's working–and what's not–to run & grow a business today so you can discover what works for you. No hype. No gimmicks. Just an inside look at how entrepreneurs from the coaching, wellness, ecommerce, business to business, writing, legal, technology, and creative industries actually manage their businesses. Whether you’re interested in operations, marketing techniques, hiring strategies, sales systems, or business models, we’ve got you covered.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/52/3b/6a/523b6a60-a8ba-dcae-9896-533b3996e293/mza_881330192654165929.jpeg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-10-28'}}

{'Aligned & Unstoppable Podcast': {'title': 'Aligned & Unstoppable Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Aligned-%26-Unstoppable-Podcast-id2073191', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Emily Aarons', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 38, 'play_count': 8864, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://alignedunstoppable.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 72, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:05:56', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:50:08', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:04:04', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:29:06', 0], ['2019-09-24', '01:09:56', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:04:01', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:11:19', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:46:13', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:02:53', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:08:54', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': ' | Lauren Brim is a doctor of human sexuality who is changing the conversation we have about sex. She\'s the author of five books, including “The New Rules of Sex” and she is founder and creator of the Adult Play Mat and the make up and apparel brand, Turned On. Lauren has worked in the healing arts for over a decade and began to specialize in women\'s sexual health after training to be a midwife and witnessing that health care providers weren\'t speaking with women about sex. In this episode, we talk about how sex enriches our lives, how our bodies relate to our businesses and what is possible for us if we let our sexual energy be free. Lauren shares how her own pain and frustration pushed her to research and share her story. We live in a society where sexuality is so suppressed and as women, we are taught not to talk about this. This changes how we are in the world, our relationships, how we relate with money and how much money we are able to make and receive. \xa0 Highlights you won’t want to miss:  How sex can help you become powerful in your business. What is sexual energy and how it influences your results as an entrepreneur. How sex enriches our lives, our physical health, and our spiritual and emotional health. How Lauren’s frustration after training to be a midwife led her to research and to write her book: The new rules of sex. What is sexual liberation? And what is your life going to look like when you achieve it? Why it’s so important to be able to embrace who you are without feeling any shame. Why no fantasy is bad or wrong. How to bring intimacy into your relationship and your business.  \xa0 Shareable Quotes:  “We don’t spend 15 years on the planet and then suddenly start having a sexual relationship.” - Lauren Brim “Is it safe to be that powerful, to have that desire, to be that sexual woman when the world is constantly telling you: I don’t know if I can love you if you are that sexual or have that much desire, and you have this belief deep down that something must be wrong with you.” - Lauren Brim “They are powerful women, leaders in the arena, they are not actually afraid of failing. They are actually afraid of how powerful they are.” - Emily Aarons “We don’t need to use language to communicate; we have power over our own bodies.” - Lauren Brim  \xa0 Resources Mentioned:  Free Resource: Free Intimacy Meditation Lauren\'s Website Find Lauren on Facebook Find Lauren on Instagram Adult Play Mat  \xa0 | Happy Monday September 30 Lightworker!   This week is all about the stepping into your full power!\xa0   SEPTEMBER 30 ENERGY FORECAST:  24. Upleveling: Breathe deeply into your expansion If you’ve been feeling a little under the weather please trust that it’s simply your body’s response to your massive energetic shifts. Congratulations for dreaming big, now get quiet and listen to what your body is trying to tell you! If you’re not listening, it will speak louder in the form of a cold, a stomach bug, or worse! Breathe deeply into your expansion and smile knowing that you’re absolutely on the verge of something BIG!      40. Inspiration: It’s your purpose to shine your light You’re a lightworker! It’s your soul’s purpose to shine your light so that others can shine theirs too. Please don’t dim your light because you’re afraid of what someone else will think or say. Those people aren’t your soulmate clients! As a lightworker, you can be like a flashlight in a dusty corner; many people don’t want to see what’s there, so they’ll try to dim your light or put it out...they’re just not ready to see. Send them a loving blessing and move on. Your actions will inspire others!      34. Power: You’re the expert You’re the expert; OWN IT! Your guidance is asking you to stop looking outside yourself for validation. You are ENOUGH. Please stop comparing yourself, your business, or anything else to other people. Chances are you’re not even comparing the right things anyway! They don’t have what you do, sister, not even close. Maybe there’s a part of you that doesn’t fully trust in your own uniqueness, but your angels do. If you’re open to it, they’d like to reveal it to you now. Pulling this card also means you’re on the brink of stepping into your power on a whole new level. It takes courage to be you, are you ready to go to that next level? |  | Today my guest is Lana Shlafer and we have an amazing conversation about how to be happy with where you are now.  Lana is a mindset coach and law of attraction expert and she has helped thousands turn pain into gain, manifest miracles and master their lives.  Over 20,000 people have joined her Manifesting Challenges and have experienced extraordinary breakthroughs and manifestations.  In this episode, you will discover how to be happy with where you are now and find meaning and value.  In other words, how to like what you have today so you can get to where you really want to go.  Lana shares why it’s key to find a way to look for the value of what you are going through because that is what’s going to unlock all other things.  She also talks about why it’s important to notice that what’s happening right now has been invited by you consciously or subconsciously. \xa0 Highlights you won’t want to miss:  How to be happy with where you are now, so you can find meaning and value. How to like what you have today, so you can get to where you want to go. Why triggers lead you to a deeper understanding of yourself and how to turn pain into gain. Why shifts are intended to be uncomfortable. How quantum leaps are made of small steps consistently over time. Why, if you want better relationships with other people, you need to work on the relationship with yourself. The big lessons we can learn from our kids.  \xa0 Shareable Quotes:  “It’s intended to be uncomfortable because until you have that pain point, you are probably not going to shift, that’s how humans work.” - Lana Shlafer “It’s in that pause, that break, where we can reflect, where we can stop doing and just be.” - Emily Aarons “Whether I hate someone or not, it’s not doing anything to them.” - Lana Shlafer “Go to the dark places and do an imperfect job of shining your light.” - Lana Shlafer  \xa0 Resources Mentioned:  Free Resource: The 4-min Ease Mediation to instantly release stress and step into relief Lana\'s Website Find Lana on Facebook Find Lana on Instagram Lana\'s 7-Day Manifest Miracles Challenge  \xa0 | This week is all about the loving support around you all the time!\xa0   SEPTEMBER 23 ENERGY FORECAST:  26. Approved: You are enough If you’re seeking someone to validate your work or effort, here it is! We see you and we LOVE you! Your angels want to send you this message: YOU ARE ENOUGH. Nothing added would make you any greater, nothing taken away would make you any less. You are PURE, FREE, FOREVER. (Chant Sanskrit: “Amaram Hum Madhuram Hum”) It’s easy to get worried about what others think but that’s none of your business. Please see this as a sign that whatever has been keeping you up at night is going to go perfectly...if you let it.     39. Guardian Angels: Infinite support is here You’ve been working so hard! When you pull this card, 100 guardian angels appear around. Allow them to alleviate your anxiety, worry, doubt, and stress. Take a deep breath and know that you’re taken care of today and every day. Even though they’re invisible, your guardian angels are always here to surround you and infuse you with unconditional love.     44. Visibility: It’s safe to be me. You’ve done a remarkable job of tapping into your big vision. Now it’s time to allow the world to see you in all your glory. Your angels are here to help you release any limiting beliefs around being judged as a lightworker from all lifetimes. It’s time to let go of the doubts or worries; there are too many people praying for you right now. Get over yourself and show up for the ones who are out there struggling without your guidance. Mantra: “It is safe to be unapologetically me. Nothing added to me would make me any greater, nothing taken away would make me any less. I am pure free forever.” \xa0 |  | Today I am speaking to Amy Clover about overcoming body shame. Amy has worked with clients from both ends of the health spectrum: from overly obsessed with earning a certain body type to those who are unsure where to begin.  We dive deep into what does it really mean to be healthy and how you can build habits to support that.  In this episode, you will discover the importance of listening to your body and inner wisdom, setting boundaries and how giving yourself permission to write the rules is the key to overcoming body shame and letting go of guilt so you can begin to trust yourself.  We are the ones who decide; when your body is lit up you are like a magnet and become unstoppable.  As you’ll hear, Amy’s story is an incredible one, and her perspective about overcoming body shame is absolutely life-changing. \xa0 Highlights you won’t want to miss: • What got Amy to create her business Strong Inside Out. • How to use body neutrality to overcome body shame and feel worthy. • How to navigate the postpartum journey and the importance of listening to your inner voice. • How to get back to balance using healthy boundaries • What it really means to be healthy and why cutting out foods can be unhealthy. \xa0 3 Key Points:  Discover the importance of listening to your body and inner wisdom so you can begin to trust yourself. Setting boundaries is the key to overcoming body shame and letting go of guilt. When you love your body, you become unstoppable.    Shareable quotes:  “Health begins from the inside out.” – Amy Clover “You can be beautiful, you can be ugly, you can be anything in between and it doesn’t determine your worth.” – Amy Clover "I am not my body, I am not my feelings; I am beyond that.” – Emily Aarons  \xa0 Resources Mentioned:  Free Resource:\xa0Health Hero Handbook Amy\'s Website Find Amy on Facebook and Instagram Strong Inside Out Health Essentials (open for enrollment Sep 16-27; 6-week program begins Sep 30) Emily Aarons\' Website Health At Every Size Intuitive Eating: A Revolutionary Program That Works\xa0  \xa0 | \xa0This week is about finding balance to allow in abundance!  SEPTEMBER 16 ENERGY FORECAST: 1. Balance: Look at the blessings in your life Take a moment to look around at all of the blessings in your life. Some days it may feel like “too much” to take but what if that were just a story you told yourself so you could take a break? There are always sacrifices that must be made for the sake of success. Make space in your schedule for play, love, friendships, silence, and adventure. Work will always be there, but it’s time to fill your cup too. \xa0 30. Leap of faith: Feed your fear or your faith Do you feel like you don’t have the confidence for something right now? Guess what? That’s not a good enough excuse to stop. There are people who need you and maybe you don’t have the “perfect plan” but even if you did, something would shift and change. You’re adaptable and smart. You CAN do this! You’ve figured out harder things and you’re ready for a big shift. Are you gonna just stand there with your toes on the edge too worried to move, or are you going to take a running leap trusting that you’ll soar with your angels all around you? The choice is yours. Feed your fear or feed your faith. It’s up to you! \xa0  25. Wealth: You\'re surrounded by abundance You picked this card because you’re surrounded by abundance! If you can’t see it yet, close your eyes and feel it. Abundance and wealth are not outside you, they’re within and all around you. Money is energy and so are you. You deserve to receive higher levels of prosperity. Make a clear goal of exactly how much money you wish to align with and by when. Place your order to the universe. Now, let it in. Mantra: “I’m ready to let higher levels of wealth in now!” \xa0 \xa0 | ', 'chan_desc': 'Are you an entrepreneur who’s flirted with “woo”?If so, you’re in the exact right place. Maybe you’ve read books or watched movies about the law of attraction or manifesting and it feels like you’re the ONE person it’s not working for...you’re not the one person it’s not working for, you simply haven’t been given the right information. Hosted by Emily Aarons, best known as a spiritual guide to scaling your business. Emily teaches entrepreneurs how to harness the power of energy work, spirituality and strategy to clear blocks and create breakthroughs! In this podcast you’ll discover that you already have everything you need, you just need to learn how to access it. Navigate away from self-doubt and into ease, clarity and business success. Each week you’ll get interviews, inspiring case studies, meditations and more! This podcast will allow you to stop second-guessing yourself and trust your inner knowing.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/f4/1c/bc/f41cbc21-6553-d4e2-609f-81ea153427f1/mza_4606914890228163520.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-03-28'}}

{'The Business and Leadership Podcast': {'title': 'The Business and Leadership Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Business-and-Leadership-Podcast-id2367111', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jared Graybeal', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 6, 'play_count': 631, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://livewellleadwell.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 20, 'recent_eps': [['2019-08-29', '00:08:51', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:18:39', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:14:30', 0], ['2019-07-11', '01:00:33', 0], ['2019-06-13', '00:24:26', 0], ['2019-05-02', '00:39:34', 0], ['2019-04-11', '00:27:26', 0], ['2019-03-14', '00:15:15', 0], ['2019-02-15', '00:21:27', 0], ['2019-01-17', '00:15:25', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': '\xa0Humility\xa0Humility is the underlying ingredient to be the right kind of servant leader. The type who empowers others by setting the example but doesn’t always do the job for them. Humility, in this sense, is not a lack of confidence or self-worth, but the absence of pride and self-absorption. Knowing that you wouldn’t be where you are without your God-given talents, abilities, and most importantly, your team.\xa0\xa0Influence\xa0Influence is very simply the capacity to have an effect on the character, development, or behavior of others. More specifically, positive influence. It’s hard to be a leader if people don’t want to follow you.\xa0\xa0\xa0Vision\xa0Vision can be defined as a picture in the leader\'s imagination that motivates people to action when communicated compellingly, passionately and clearly. To be a visionary, a leader needs nothing more than a clear vision of the future. A visionary leader who clearly and passionately communicates his or her vision can motivate employees to act with passion and purpose, thereby ensuring that everyone is working toward a common goal. The end result is that everyone contributes to the organization\'s forward momentum.\xa0\xa0Open-Mindedness\xa0Open-mindedness\xa0is receptiveness to new ideas, which relates to the way in which people approach the views and knowledge of others. Open-minded individuals are more inclined to listen to, and seriously consider alternative viewpoints. Ralph Waldo Emerson once said, “every man is my superior, in that, I learn of him”, which means that everyone has some value to contribute, and if we don’t recognize that value, we are stunting our personal growth and the growth of the team and mission as a whole.\xa0\xa0\xa0Competence\xa0Competence is a cluster of related abilities, commitments, knowledge, and skills that enable a person to act effectively in a job or situation, and we believe both relative to the specific field, and general competence is important for a great leader. This may seem insensitive, but charisma can only take you so far. People need to know they are following someone who knows what they are talking about, how to get the job done, and if not, someone who knows how to find a way to figure it out.\xa0Us choosing these 5 traits doesn’t mean the rest aren’t important. If you look closely, the remaining 16 traits are key ingredients to mastering the main 5 we’ve identified. Open-mindedness takes self-awareness and empathy just like influence takes charisma, passion, and communication.  | Have you ever felt stuck? \xa0Like you’ve been doing the same routine forever, and you’re not growing in any way? Well, you’re not alone.\xa0\xa0A study of 2,000 people found that 69 percent feel trapped in the same old routine and over 40 percent are generally unhappy with their lives because of it. (1)\xa0\xa0In this podcast, I’m going to outline the 3 main reasons that people get stuck in the first place, give you the 3 ways to get unstuck and give you practical examples of your next steps so you can live a life of endless personal growth.\xa01. https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/11362246/Just-three-in-10-people-feel-happy-with-their-lives.html | 7 Life Hacks to Mastering Work-Life BalanceBy Jared Graybeal\xa0I’ve had tons of conversations and read a handful of articles about how there’s no such thing as “work-life balance” if you really want to excel at both. Some say that when it comes to Fitness, Work, Family, Sleep or Friends, you need to pick 3. (1) Others say that when it comes to your health, friends, family or work, one is going to suffer. (2)\xa0While I think it’s impossible to give them all 100% of your energy, because that is physically and mathematically impossible, I still think we can do much better at managing them all and stop making excuses for bad performance at work, lack of presence or commitment in marriage or parenting, no-showing on your friends and not taking care of your health.\xa0Unlike the writers I referenced, I think there are four main quadrants (or “burners”, as James Clear would explain in the below reference) which would be: Family, Business, Health and Hobbies.\xa0In Clear’s explanation of the Four Burner’s Theory, he illustrates a picture of a stovetop where all four burners can’t be going at once. In my opinion, managing these well really looks like an ever-changing, seasonal pie graph, where you expend your energy differently on each thing throughout life. In the poorly drawn, peace-sign-looking illustration below, you’ll see an example of what I mean and how mine is in this season of my life.\xa0I have a small family and no kids or wife, so that quadrant only takes up 10% (or an average of 16 hours a week) of my energy, and it is mainly on investing time with friends, get-togethers, church groups, dating and hanging with my pup. As you can tell, my health (45% or 75 hours a week) and business 35% or 60 hours a week) are the highest priorities in my life, with my hobbies being a much smaller, but still important percentage.\xa0Keep in mind this is going to be different for everyone, so before we get into the life hacks, you need to spend time identifying what your pie graph looks like and understand that this graph will change seasonally, and you need to stay conscious of it.\xa0For example, when I get married and have kids, that part of the graph will grow significantly, and I will have to take away from the others. For you, it might mean that when your kids go off to college, you invest less time on “family” and more time on “hobbies”.\xa0Once you’ve drawn out your graph, these are the 10 life hacks that are going to help you manage your pie graph with excellence:\xa0Create a time budget (3)\xa0If you begin to value your time like you do your money, you will get a lot more out of it. Identifying that there are 168 hours in every week, and what to do with those hours specifically will allow you to make the proper commitments. Please check out reference 3 for an outline.\xa0Use a meal prep company\xa0Outsourcing things you don’t enjoy is a key hack that gives you more time in your day. Since most people don’t enjoy cooking a ton of meals in advance, and health should be a priority, using a meal prep company kills two birds with one stone. This would give you more time with friends, or more time with the wife, rather than running through drive-thrus or cooking at home when you’d rather be on the couch, the office or out.\xa0Outsource work or learn healthy delegation\xa0Most business owners and entrepreneurs I know like to do all the work because they know they do it best and it saves them money. But once you recognize where your energy in your pie chart should be expended, you may see that by hiring others, delegating roles, or researching automation software, you can invest in those other priorities.\xa0Hire a personal trainer or join a group training facility\xa0We all need to be working out, but most of us don’t have time to draw up a work out plan and spend 2 hours in the gym every day figuring it all out. By hiring a professional or joining a group, you can be in and out in one hour and stay in shape.\xa0Plan ahead and schedule everything \xa0Even if it’s your work schedule, your daily work out, church on Sundays or picking up the kids, put it all on your calendar. It may seem tedious, but these things all take your time and energy and need to be documented so you know what you can realistically commit to every day/week moving forward.\xa0Learn to say no\xa0Once you’ve created your pie graph, you should have a better perspective of the things in life you really value. Some of us waste too much time and energy doing things we don’t enjoy or things that don’t add value simply because we don’t know how to politely decline our friends, family and coworkers when they invite us to things or ask us to do things. Please take this into context and know that I am not telling you to tell your wife or your boss no because some things need to be done, but common sense will give you an idea of the things in your life I’m referencing.\xa0Create a to-don’t list every month\xa0Over time, we accumulate roles, responsibilities and habits that we simply don’t need to be doing anymore. At the end of each month or beginning of each new month, take 1-2 hours to sit, reflect and document the things that have added up in your day-to-day. If you’ve already begun to master 1 through 6, it will be easy to identify how to eliminate the things that will go on your to-don’t list.\xa0I recommend that anytime a major life change happens such as a new job, relationship, move, a new pet, kids, health issue, etc. – you reevaluate your pie graph and adjust accordingly. The key to mastering work-life balance is being proactive about the seasonal changes in your life and always understanding your proper percentages.\xa0\xa0https://www.inc.com/jessica-stillman/work-sleep-family-fitness-or-friends-pick-3.htmlhttps://jamesclear.com/four-burners-theoryhttps://e3biz.com/6-productivity-hacks/ | In this episode, I interview Andy Frisella,\xa0a highly successful entrepreneur, top-ranked podcast host, and speaker who leads the #100to0 movement. Andy is the founder of Supplement Superstores, the Arete Syndicate and\xa0one of the largest supplement companies in the world,\xa01st Phorm. It\'s safe to say he knows his stuff!\xa0\xa0 | TIME OR MONEY: Choose one\xa0Do you know what breaks my heart? People not living up to their potential, and in turn, being unhappy. \xa0As I mentor friends, work with e3 clients and just browse social media – I see one common theme: most people aren’t reaching their goals for 2 reasons:\xa0Not enough time, and/ or not enough money. \xa0That’s because they have been conditioned to believe they have specific predisposed capacity, and that subconsciously we have to choose free time or a surplus of money. Most people that have money are always “too busy” to spend time with friends or family. Most people that are consistently social are often times complaining about being broke.\xa0Unfortunately, at least in America, we are seeing people dramatically lean to one side or the other. We are seeing the largest income gap since the 1920’s, and worse, the largest percentage of people struggling with mental disorders like depression and anxiety. \xa0So what I want to talk about today is: By learning to manage these things better, we can learn to make more money, take back our time, and live happier healthier lives.\xa0What I’m about to say is not to boast, but to give perspective. I personally run 2 businesses, one full time and one part-time. I am in college part time, I work out 6 days a week. I have 3-4 social evenings per week. I practice hobbies such as boxing, painting, shooting guns, and even traveling regularly. I read and write every day, and I also take care of my pup. I do all that and get an average of 7 hours of sleep per night, and I know - that there is still more in me…\xa0A preponderance of evidence shows that the feeling of having enough time — “time affluence” — is now at a record low in the United States. When a survey was done of 2.5 million Americans by the Gallup Organization, they found that 80% of respondents did not have the time to do all they wanted to each day. This situation is so severe it could even be described as a “famine” — a collective cultural failure to effectively manage our most precious resource, time.\xa0Time poverty exists across all economic strata, and its effects are\xa0profound. Research shows that those who feel time-poor experience lower levels of\xa0happiness\xa0and higher levels of\xa0anxiety, depression, and\xa0stress. They experience less joy. They laugh less. They exercise less and are\xa0less healthy. Their\xa0productivity\xa0at work is diminished. They are more likely to get\xa0divorced. And in an analysis of the Gallup survey data, researchers found that time stress had a stronger negative effect on happiness than being unemployed did.\xa0On a broader level, time poverty directly accounts for billions of dollars in\xa0productivity\xa0costs to companies each year, and secondary costs multiply that number many times over. Public health officials rank it as one of the\xa0top contributors to rising obesity. Researchers put the health care costs of time stress at\xa0$48 billion a year.\xa0LOOK AT TIME LIKE WE LOOK AT MONEY\xa0Why?Studies showed that people who prioritize their time are more likely to pursue and work in careers they loved\xa0Example: every time you go to spend $5 on a coffee, or $100 on shoes, you ask "is it worth it", and you justify the money spent or you decide not to spend it.\xa0\xa0What do I do?Create a time budget. \xa0How?Draw out 168 hours…PLAN\xa0TO BE SPONTANEOUS:\xa0Why?Because of TIME SLACK -\xa0Slack is the perceived surplus of a given resource available to complete a focal task. Our research shows that, in general, people\xa0expect\xa0slack for time to be greater in the future than in the present. This expectation of growth of slack in the future is more pronounced for time than for money.\xa0\xa0What do I do?Plan your future time.\xa0When it comes to leisure time, the data suggests that people have a natural bias toward spontaneity: We don’t want to feel our free time is too scheduled. So we do things like leaving weekends up to chance — and then end up wasting much of them. But we’re actually happier if we make plans and don’t passively fritter away time.\xa0How?Communicate with your friends, family and/or spouse more about your flex time. See when they are free so you can all enjoy each other together more. \xa0PLAN YOUR MEALS:\xa0\xa0\xa0Why?When Romain Cadario, a professor at IÉSEG School of Management in Paris, recently surveyed 12,000 French and American adults about their dining habits, he found that on average, the French spent significantly more time eating. In turn, they had a much more positive association with food. Americans spent more time choosing their meals than actually enjoying them.\xa0\xa0What do I do?Plan your meals like you plan your outfits. \xa0How?Prep and cook in advance, use a meal prep company, or simply think about your lunch tomorrow in advance so when lunch time comes around – you know where you are going. \xa0IDENTIFY WHAT IS WORTH REALLY SAVING MONEY OR TIME ON\xa0Why?Sometimes our “bargains” are actually costing us more time AND money. \xa0For example:\xa0- a\xa010 hour\xa0flight vs a\xa06 hour\xa0flight and saving $50- driving further for cheaper gas- going from store to store for a bargain on the same shirt to save $10\xa0What do I do?Always weigh the pros and cons of purchasing decisions. \xa0How?Learn to create more inner dialogue. You will want to do this quickly (for purchases like gas) and know when to spend time on it (like airplane tickets). https://hbr.org/cover-story/2019/01/time-for-happiness | In this episode, Jared sits down with speaker, leadership development expert, and soon to be author, Tammy Heermann to unpack leadership in the workplace.Tammy is specifically sought out by global Fortune 500 companies for her expertise in gender diversity and programs that accelerate women’s advancement. While having a significant impact in the C-Suite, she is happiest when pushing up-and-coming leaders to break through organizational and self-imposed barriers to reach their potential. She creates trust by sharing stories of her own journey from Senior Consultant to Senior Vice-President. Through alternating moments of humor and heartache, people walk away from their experiences with Tammy transformed.Tammy helps individuals and organizations get serious about leadership. For over 20 years she has developed and facilitated pioneering and multiple award-winning programs, beginning from within Human Resources and ultimately as the head of the Leadership Development practice at a Global Consulting firm. She has helped change thousands of people’s mindsets around what it takes to lead, both self and others.Tammy sits on the Women’s Leadership Advisory Committee for Women in Communications and Technology where she acts as a mentor and helps aspiring C-Suite leaders advance through sponsorship. She is a graduate of the London School of Economics where she earned a Master of Science degree for her studies on change management and global human resource strategies. She also holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Saskatchewan.To learn more about Tammy, visit her website at www.tammyheermann.com\xa0or follow her on Instagram @tammy_heermann | Then 5 disciplines of leadership that got me to where I am - that I learned the hard way: \xa01.Time ManagementWhen you are on house arrest, you have to show up to your CO every Sunday morning, and present a document that literally details the next 168 hours. \xa0Quick tip: create a time budget\xa0 ResponsibilityBe a person that does what you say you are going to do. Not just for others, but for yourself. How many of us let others down by being “that guy”, or “that girl”? More importantly, how many times have you told you that you would do X, Y and X this year… only to let yourself down time and time again.In my situation, you get to a point where you realize that no one is going to do it for you. And growing up, being someone that was well aware of my potential, I knew that if I didn’t do it for myself, it wasn’t getting done. And I could either choose to sleep on a deflating air mattress every night or do what it took to make something of myself. \xa0Quick tip: write everything down on a running to-do list\xa0Do what you say you’re going to do.\xa0 Driven by learningLeaders are learners. \xa0Quick tip: commit to learning something new every day, week, month and quarter.\xa0 Patient urgencyHaving this relative and dual perspective of time, you can live in both the now and the future. Patient urgency is the combination of foresight to prepare for a big idea, willingness to wait for the right market conditions, and agility to act straight away when conditions ripen.\xa0Like Blockbuster, who failed to see the writing on the well and act in urgency. Or WebVan.com?\xa0Quick tip: Have all your dreams and goals written down and refer to them as often as you can. By doing this, you will have a much better idea as time goes on as to which idea or goal to act on. Also, by being better with time management, responsibility and learning more, you will naturally be prepared for these opportunities.\xa0Faith Yes, I mean faith in God. But even more so, faith in yourself. Faith that no matter who you are today, who you see in the mirror, what people say about you or what you have or haven’t accomplished so far, especially compared to what you had planned by now, that you are capable of far more than you can think or imagine. I was once the kid in school that was so poor that I drew the Nike sign on my hand-me-down socks that I got made fun of. I was the kid that didn’t make the little league football team because I kept showing up to practice with no pads. I was the kid that, in 7th grade, my teacher told me, in front of everyone, that my homework was to look up the definition of “miserable failure”, because that’s what he told me I’d be.\xa0You have to believe in yourself before anyone else will. And by taking a small step every day in the direction of these 5 disciplines, you can change your life and the trajectory of your future. | 4 Traits of High Performers\xa0By Jared Graybeal\xa0They have a VISION\xa0How do you establish a vision?What is my Mission?What are my Values?\xa0They have a “TIME BUDGET”\xa0How do you create a time budget?Schedule everything that’s consistent in your life. Put it on your calendar.Hobbies (Bible Study)Regular MeetingsHealthy habits (gym)SchoolWorkCreate a running to-do listCreate a “to-don’t” list (and quit wasting your time!!)\xa0They are HEALTHY\xa0We all know this is important, but people rarely practice it. How can you be healthy?Eat healthilyFind healthy food or a diet that works for you (or a meal prep company!)Exercise regularlyFind an activity you like! It doesn’t have to be in the gym.Sleep enoughThis is more important than most people think. Get no less than 6 hours a night, but ideally 7-8 hours per night.\xa0They are HUMBLE\xa0How can we maintain or gain humility?Ask more questionsFail forward and fast | 8 Steps to the Healthiest Year of Your LifeAn 8 minute read by Jared GraybealAs we look back at each year, some of us are filled with encouragement and joy for everything we were able to get done and experience, but some are filled with regret for looking at how fast the year went by without accomplishing their goals or getting any further in life. I’m sure we have all felt one way or the other at one point. Some would say that is a part of life, and while we can’t control a lot of what happens to us, there is a lot that we can control. Like our habits. We have all heard the famous saying, “it’s not how you start, it’s how you finish”.\xa0 Although that may be true in most cases, I am a firm believer that HOW we start, will ultimately determine how we finish. I think if you get in the routine of having enough “good days”, you will be able to look back and confidently say you’ve had a good year. It’s time to take a step in the right direction. I personally have 15 things that I like to do every day, and since some of them are personal and individual to my life, I have pulled the 8 that I think can apply to everyone. I have taken the time to describe them as well as the rhyme and reason behind why I do it! What’s great about locking down these 8 steps to a better year is that after enough of these ‘days’, they eventually add up, and lead into living a better life. And that is ultimately the end goal and what I want for everyone.5 of these should or can be done prior to going to work or starting your day, whatever that looks like for you. 1 and 2 take 15 minutes before you go to sleep.3 – 6 takes 45 minutes before your day starts.7 takes 30-60 minutes and is only needed 3-5 times a week.8 can take 5 seconds Total: 1.5 to 2 hoursStep 1:\xa0Spend 15 – 20 minutes reading before going to sleep.According to the National Sleep Foundation, a\xa0relaxing reading ritual\xa0can prepare your body for sleep and help your mind separate your sleep time from the stresses of daily living. A winding-down ritual can help people fall asleep faster and enjoy a higher quality of sleep throughout the night.Reading before bed can help to lower the body’s cortisol levels by reducing stress. The result? A body with\xa0lower levels of cortisol\xa0is more likely to sleep soundly and thus cope with the following day’s stressors more calmly.General practitioners in Britain have begun\xa0prescribing book reading\xa0to patients who suffer from mild to moderate depression and anxiety, and many of these patients report an alleviation of their symptoms as a result.\xa0Step 2:\xa0Review your short-term and long-term goals.By looking at these every day, even just for a minute, it will continually help you navigate proper decision making. You will do a better job of saying “no” to opportunities that aren’t conducive to your goals, which will give you more time and energy to say “yes” to the things that do. I like to do this before bed, but do whatever time works best for you.Step 3:\xa0Upon waking, chug a bottle of (room temperature) water.When you’re not properly hydrated, your brain operates on less fuel and you can experience fatigue or mood fluctuations, which is something I’m sure we would all LOVE to avoid.Getting fluids right when you wake up will help your body start flushing out harmful toxins right away. According to Kenneth Ellner, an Atlanta based dermatologist, “Your kidneys do an amazing job of cleansing and ridding your body of toxins as long as your intake of fluids is adequate. “A 2003 study from the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism\xa0found that drinking two cups (16 oz., which is a typical bottle) of water upon waking increased metabolism by 30% after 30–40 minutes. Not only does water keep your body lean it also helps with keeping the flow of nutrients and helps get rid of free radicals.\xa0Step 4:\xa0Prayer (some may call this Meditation).The first half of my prayer is gratitude or thankfulness. By spending time acknowledging every single thing that you have been given in life, you will immediately be in a better mood and be able to accomplish the things you set forth that day and tackle any challenges that may pose themselves much better. According to Robert Emmons Ph.D., regular grateful thinking can increase happiness by as much as 25%. I make a point to recognize and thank God for everything that comes to mind, both big and small.\xa0 Like the sun rising again, my physical capabilities, my senses, my friends, family, home, vehicle, clothes, talents, career, etc. (sometimes this can take a while – but that’s a good thing!)“Of all the attitudes we can acquire, surely the attitude of gratitude is the most important and by far the most life-changing.” –\xa0Zig ZiglarThe second half consists of mentally mapping out my day and speaking life into (or self-affirming) all of the goals I have set and the things I plan to accomplish that day. Affirmations, or positive thinking, can\xa0interrupt\xa0your maladaptive neuro-nets. The more you do this, the more those nerve cells that are connected to each other start breaking the long-term relationship with your negative thoughts, literally re-wiring to your new, affirming beliefs. Science calls this neuroplasticity and it is the proof behind how powerful this practice can be.“Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall\xa0eat the fruit thereof” –\xa0Proverbs\xa018:31Step 5:\xa0Eat (a healthy) breakfast.This is literally the most important meal of the day. For people like myself, who work in the health and wellness industry (and actually apply what we know), that is a given. But unfortunately, most people neglect this information and forego this meal on a daily.Breakfast is a critical meal because it influences practically every dimension of our being during the course of the day, including how we perform physically and mentally. Breakfast immediately raises the body’s energy level and restores the blood glucose level to normal after an overnight fast. It also raises the muscle and liver glycogen stores.Studies have shown that children who eat breakfast perform at a higher level in school and are more physically active than those who skip breakfast, ultimately leading to better physical fitness (which is a whole different article in itself). Also, breakfast helps increase the ability to focus and reduces declines in attention and memory over the morning hours.Step 6:\xa0Learn something (relevant to your career and/or passions) for up to 30 minutes.By spending a bit of time increasing your knowledge of your trade, you will naturally go into work each day an incrementally better, more equipped employee. Doing this every day will eventually and inevitably lead to higher pay, promotions, opportunities, etc.The more you know, the more you can help people. No matter what you do for a living, if you want to be successful, you have to consistently focus on how that product or service is benefitting others. By investing a short period of time each morning to learning a little bit more, you will have more opportunities to relay that information to others throughout the day and begin to positively impact the lives around you.Step 7:\xa0Exercise for 30-60 minutes a day for 3-5 days a week.(If you can) Morning exercise has been shown to improve focus and mental abilities all day long. Not only will you feel awake and have more energy after your workout, but your mind will be ready to take on whatever tasks you have lined up that day.No matter what time of the day, when you exercise, your body\xa0releases\xa0chemicals called\xa0endorphins. Endorphins\xa0also trigger a positive feeling in the body, similar to that of morphine. It’s ideal to do this first thing in the morning, so you can go into work feeling AWESOME!By getting a short work out first thing in the morning, you can increase your EPOC (Excess Post-Exercise Oxygen Consumption), which allows your body to burn more calories at rest throughout the day.Step 8:\xa0Do or say something nice for someone else.Here are 5 reasons why:It promotes positive physiological changes in the brain associated with happinessHelping others leads to a more physically active lifestyleIt distracts us from our own problemsIt improves our self-esteem and competenceStudies show that older people who give support to others live longer than those who don’tExamples:Buy someone coffeeSend an encouraging textTell someone you love themGive someone a complimentTeach someone something (vs showing them)VolunteerMentor\xa0I believe that by implementing these 8 steps every day, you’ll immediately begin to experience a better day, have a better year and ultimately, a better life!Much Love,Jared GraybealCEO – Superfit Foods | 4 STEPS TO NAVIGATING TOUGH ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGEBy Jared GraybealIn my professional career, I’ve made a ton of mistakes. Heck, in life I’ve made a ton… and today’s teaching will reflect and help you with decision making in both your personal and professional life. \xa0Today’s teaching focused primarily on “leading through tough organizational change”.\xa0AS LONG AS you lean in and apply what you learn – then this should provide a lot of value for you. Because we know that knowledge is only valuable if we use it…\xa0So let’s dive in… tough organizational change…\xa0Do you have to fire someone? Maybe it’s a family member, good friend or a long-time, now underperforming employee? \xa0Do you need to shut down a portion of your operation and are having a hard time developing strategic communication around that? \xa0Are you a new leader and are dragging your feet on some effective changes you need to make in order to reach your goals? \xa0I can empathize. This year, I’ve had to:Fire my brotherFire my best friendShut own our original kitchenPart ways with my business partner\xa0And these are just a few of the things that, as a company, and as a leader, I have had to navigate through…\xa0Jim Stockdale said:\xa0“You must never confuse faith that you will prevail in the end – which you can never afford to lose – with the discipline to confront the most brutal facts of your current reality, whatever they may be”\xa0Face the facts and forget your feelings\xa0\xa0Especially in the small business sector, or when leading small teams, it is easy to get close to the people around you… as you should. \xa0Talk to a professional and/or mentor\xa0\xa0Never assume that just because you’ve made your decision, that it is always the right one. Seek out a professional in your space, a mentor, or someone who has been in a similar situation\xa0\xa0Prepare \xa0Take practical steps towards making the change:Prepare how you will initiate and execute the change.Prepare for how this change will affect your organziationPrepare how you will communicate the change, and why.\xa0Execute immediately\xa0Too many people spend time in the waiting stage, hoping for another sign that this is the right decision.\xa04 QUESTIONS:\xa0What changes are you pushing off, that you know you need to make, but one of these reasons is holding you back?\xa0Who do you need to seek out?How are you going to prepare?\xa0When will you execute?', 'chan_desc': 'Practical Information on leadership, wellness, entrepreneurship, and more presented by the CEO of Superfit Foods and E3 Business Solutions.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts115/v4/97/4f/9b/974f9b5a-c676-3ab5-8ef0-5cff5bcfd51c/mza_985232126867767691.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-06-01'}}

{'Leadership and Loyalty™                  for Fortune 500 Execs': {'title': 'Leadership and Loyalty™                  for Fortune 500 Execs', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Leadership-and-Loyalty™-for-Fortune-500-Execs-id1041637', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Dov Baron', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 1250, 'play_count': 13371, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/TheDovBaron', 'https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/dov-baron-leadership-loyalty-show-for-fortune-500-executives/id272512829?mt=2'], 'ep_total': 534, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:56:52', 0], ['2019-09-29', '01:11:37', 0], ['2019-09-25', '01:05:55', 0], ['2019-09-21', '01:01:04', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:51:05', 0], ['2019-09-13', '01:03:16', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:55:25', 0], ['2019-09-05', '01:01:42', 0], ['2019-08-30', '01:09:35', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:55:42', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'What happens when you suddenly find yourself Becoming a New Boss?\xa0For that matter what happens when you are a long term leader and you get promoted into a position that feels way beyond your comfort zone…How can you attain and maintain success?\xa0As a leader you know that stepping into that next role as a leader can be overwhelming… and it doesn’t matter if you’ve been a CEO before and this is a new gig, or if this is your first time up to bat in a leadership position.\xa0So what is it that all of us who step into Becoming the New Boss need to know in order to not only achieve success but sustain it?Well let’s find out together…\xa0Our guest on this episode is Naphtali Hoff\xa0Naphtali Hoff, is President of Impactful Coaching & Consulting.\xa0He is an accomplished executive coach, organizational consultant, and sought after trainer and lecturer.\xa0This guy holds two master’s degrees in education and educational leadership, and completed his doctorate in human and organizational psychology.\xa0Naphtali’s practical approach is action-oriented.\xa0 His personal experience in the leadership field allows him to understand leaders needs, and craft solutions to help them optimize their performance and success.\xa0Naphtali is the author of Becoming the New Boss, a leadership book that seeks to help new leaders hit the ground running and enjoy lasting success.On this episode we go FullMonty on:How to your authenticity, identity and even faith to bring your best leadership self forwardThe transformational power of forgivenessPain as a catalyst for transformationReleasing Identity to become a better leaderRecognizing the value you can bring outside outside of your industryThe 4 I\'s of leadershipIncremental scaling your businessLeading those who used to be your peersDoes criticism means you matter?How to tighten your learning curveGetting more done with lessAnd so much more...To find out more about Naphtali Hoff: https://www.impactfulcoaching.com/To find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | As a leader in your industry do you sometimes find yourself struggling to stand out? What about as an organization or even as a product or service in the market place?\xa0Do you sometimes feel like you might not be one of the special or "anointed" ones?What if you knew how to anoint yourself?Business is not just about being able to stand out, but rather to stand out in a way that has massive impact and longevity.\xa0But how can we stand out in a world of ever increasing visual noise?\xa0When you look back on the history of music, art, politics and literature, there are certain "Iconic" individuals that are indelibly tattooed on our minds to such a degree that even if we have no real interest in what they are or do, they are unshakable. Think of Beethoven\'s Symphony No. 5...Now tell me you didn\'t hear: "Bha-Bha-Pah-Ba, Bha-Bha-Pah-Ba!" The question is, was it Beethoven\'s genius that created music that hundreds of years later everyone knows? (of course it is) However, what if there\'s a formula that Beethoven consciously or unconsciously understood? Furthermore, what if it\'s a formula that translates over to Art, Design, Architecture, Movie Making, and even road signs?If it is a formula, you might be wondering how you can tap into it so that you or your brand becomes the very thing imprinted in the minds of those you wish to influence and impact?\xa0Well, you can because our guest on this episode is Jamie Mustard.Jamie Mustard is an expert on perception in the physical world, a strategic multi-media consultant, art, design and product futurist, translator of technologies, creative artist and Iconist.\xa0A graduate of the London School of Economics, Jamie’s work is an explanation of the ‘economics of attention’ based on the primal laws of human perception called Blocks™.\xa0He has spoken, educated and inspired others with his work ubiquitously including, Cisco, Intel, Symantec, Adidas, Pacific Northwest College of Art and his TEDx at creative giant, Wieden + Kennedy.\xa0His purpose is to give the power of getting attention and all that it does for us internally, back to those who are feeling stifled by an over-messaged to culture. He is the author of the new and highly influential, ICONIST: The Art and Science of Standing Out.On this episode we go FullMonty on:The Red Rubber Ball Philosophy that changed his mentalityThe Science and Art of ObviousnessThe primal laws of human perceptionMessaging Dilution...how to overcome itThe paradox of choiceEconomics of attentionWhy Symmetry MattersTapping into "Blocks" and "Icons" to truly stand outWhy songs and nursery rhymes get stuck in our headThe power of TransparencyHow feeling Invisible made him a master of helping others stand outWhy every mental Arrow Head needs a Shaft and why every Shaft needs an Arrow Head Repetition: Stay it often enough and it becomes a (small t) truthTapping into the powerful force of emotionIcons and CourageAnd so much more...Find out more about Jamie Mustard: http://TheIconist.org Instagram jamie_mustardTwitter: @thejamiemustardTo find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | Do you think it’s possible to produce breakthroughs and transform in the world through a different quality of conversation?Stepping into that "next" role as a leader can be overwhelming… even if you’ve been a CEO before and this is a new gig, or for that matter if this is your first time up to bat in a leadership position.\xa0So, what is it that all of us who step into becoming the New Boss need to know in order to not only achieve success, but sustain it?Let\'s find out together; Our guest on this episode is Aviv Shahar.Aviv Shahar is founder and president of Aviv Consulting, a strategic innovation consultancy, and the author of Creating New Futures—How Leaders Produce Breakthroughs and Transform the World Through Conversation.\xa0Fortune 500 companies hire him to help their senior teams create purpose-inspired futures and innovative strategies that drive growth.Aviv’s clients include executives at Alcoa, Chevron, Cisco, DuPont, General Mills, Hewlett Packard, Lufthansa, Procter & Gamble, Ring Central, and Zoom. He’s worked with clients in Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, Great Britain, Holland, India, Israel, Mexico, Poland, Singapore, Spain, Taiwan, and the United States.For more than 25 years, Aviv has specialized in helping executives and managers enhance their creativity and innovation, competence and collaboration, and clarity of vision, especially in critical situations. Aviv’s experience in coaching for high-level performance in critical operations was gained as a fighter pilot who was responsible for training other fighter pilots in the Israeli Air Force. Aviv’s air force training and discipline taught him about thorough planning, flawless execution and the discipline of debrief; it was during these years that he adoptedhis life motto for continual learning: An un-debriefed action is a wasted action.During the course of his leadership work, clients asked Aviv to help them innovate and grow. In response, Aviv developed Strategic Innovation—a multi-functional approach that brings together all assets, capabilities and disciplines of an organization, so they canbe used to create exciting new futures.His work has been published in Forbes, The Huffington Post, the Futurist, as well as other books and publications. He is the author of a new book: "Create New Futures”On this episode we go full Monty on:Lesson\'s from his Father The potentially devastating diagnosis he received as a 7 year old The 4 zones of Leadership DevelopmentThe Most Critical Currency of LeadershipCollective Stupidity SyndromeHow to know if you are in the RIGHT conversationWhat is Conservation ArchitectureWhy he wrote his book in Portals not chaptersThe spirit of defiance Why telling stories is Not enoughThe 72 Hour RuleHigh Velocity Learning OrganizationsThe three Jobs every employee must embraceand so much more...Find out more about Aviv Shahar: AvivConsulting.comTo find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | As leaders, we all know that we must constantly "up our game" But how can you genuinely Find Your Way and step into your full potential?There is a very prescribed way to the top of success mountain, but the question is; how do you know that you climbing the right mountain? How do you Find Your Way, and unleash your highest potential, particularly when all the odds seem stacked against you?Well, let’s find out together because our guest on this episode is: Carly Fiorina.\xa0Carly Fiorina, is an American business executive who, as CEO (1999–2005) of\xa0Hewlett-Packard Company, was the first woman to head a company listed on the\xa0Dow Jones Industrial Average. You may remember her from 2016 when she sought the\xa0Republican Party\xa0nomination for president and was viciously attacked (about her looks) by fellow contender, Donald Trump. That being said, there\'s likely a lot you don\'t know about her. How she ended up running, her background in politics and her health. Carly Fiorina is the founder and Chairman of Carly Fiorina Enterprises, and of Unlocking Potential, a non-profit organization. In 2016 she was the first declared female candidate to seek the Republican Party\'s nomination as Presidential Candidate. She is a multi-bestselling author and her latest book is: FIND YOUR WAY!Over the years, I\'ve interviewed thousands of people with an extremely wide range of backgrounds. What I can tell you about interviewing Carly Fiorina is she may not be running for office but she certainly is a Politician!On this episode we go FullMonty on:Problem SolvingThe Power of CollaborationWhat Communities can do in the face of poor political supportThe 5 year old who exemplifies community responsibilityDealing with the attacks from Donald TrumpHer biggest lesson learned from her time at law school Dropping the burden of other’s expectationsWomen in Leadership: Glass Ceiling, Glass CliffHer time as economic adviser to\xa0John McCain\xa0during his presidential campaign.Her 2010\xa0Senate\xa0election in CaliforniaBattling Breast cancerHaving a Father who was a\xa0federal judge and law professorLoneliness and fitting inBeing different ... and so much moreTo find out more about Carly Fiorina her foundation and her book FIND YOUR WAY! http://CarlyFiorina.com or https://www.upleadership.org/To find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | In today\'s marketplace no person and no organization is an island. We must recognize that our company has a place in the community. However, have you even thought about how much your business needs to be focused on your community?If you were to be community focused how might that impact your bottom line?The largest workforce is no longer the baby boomers. That baton has been passed to the Millennial generation. You can complain or praise millennial\'s but you should know that this generation has a strong entrepreneurial drive and an even stronger sense of community. What will this mean to you as a leader and the potential impact to your business?\xa0\xa0We find out together on this episode with our guest Johnathan Grzybowski.He\xa0is the Chief Marketing Officer and co-founder of Penji, an on-demand graphic design service that is fast, simple, and affordable.Penji has been named as “top startup to watch,”according to Philadelphia Magazine, and mentioned in major publications like Success Magazine, Huffington Post, Forbes, and Inc.\xa0Prior to Penji, Johnathan founded multiple marketing related startups and worked for Apple.Johnathan is also the host of Blind Entrepreneurship, a podcast that has been mentioned as a top business podcast on Apple Podcasts and downloaded over 100,000 times. His mission with his podcast and business is to empower the next generation of entrepreneurs so they too can execute their vision to profitability.On this episode we go FullMonty on:Real leadership Vs Ego LeadershipWhat to do when you can\'t find the talent you needWhy they run their company Penji from Camden,\xa0N.J., the\xa0poorest city\xa0in the nation. (In 2017, by far Camden,\xa0N.J had the\xa0highest violent\xa0crime rate of any\xa0city\xa0in the state.How they developed a completely different business model for the Graphic Design industryWhy they offer service to all non-profits in Camden, NJ for just $1Organization and preparationSelf-awareness and accountabilityTo find out more about Johnathan Grzybowski and Penji Go to: penji.coTo find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | Where have you blinded your curiosity?What are you looking at that’s causing you to not see everything else?Often times change can be pretty terrifying. As a result we can get reactive and in turn shut down our own curiosity. In fact what if some seemingly tragic change took place and as a result instead of shutting down you opened up to a higher level of curiosity?Do you know the difference between accessing a situation rather than judging it?The answer is simple (but not always easy)!Our guest on this episode is Andre Van Hall\xa0A native of Argentina, André\xa0has worked at some of the most prestigious hotels in the world, to include the Hotel Vier Jahreszeiten in Hamburg (once recognized as a tope ten hotel in the world), the Ritz in Paris and the St. Regis in New York.\xa0Additionally he has managed some of the largest hotels, including the Hyatt Regency in Atlanta and the Adam’s Mark in Denver. Before retiring, he was the CEO of the historic Denver Athletic Club.\xa0A graduate of the school of Hotel Administration at Cornell University, André Van Hall has held such positions as Director of Quality, Executive Assistant Manager, Rooms Executive, General Manager, Professor of HR and CEO. His volunteer activity have afforded him the opportunity to serve on boards of Chamber of Commerce, United Way, Convention & Visitors Bureaus, Rotary clubs, Urban League and many others.\xa0After suddenly losing his eyesight in late 2011, he started a new career as a Professional Speaker, with an emphasis on Motivation, Change Management and\xa0Staff Development.\xa0On this episode we go FullMonty on:How to bring Curiosity back to every aspect of your lifeHis commitment to raising money for the homelessHow gaining the understanding that "you get what you inspect, instead of what you expect" transformed his leadershipHow curiosity can be the catalyst for making change easierLearning how to assess rather than judgeHow to bring humility to our position of leadership How to cope with constant and often dramatic changeWhat\'s the difference between those who grow in change verses those who get stifled by it? His battle with not only blindness but also cancerHis commitment to raising money for the homelessTo find out more about Andre van Hall: Curiosity Instigator: http://AndreVanHall.comTo find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | Debunking the myths around Millennials pushed by sensationalist mediaDiving deep into millennial psychology and language using a potent blend of data and anecdotes, stories and history,\xa0What Millennials Really Want from Work and Life\xa0debunks the many myths around millennials pushed by sensationalist media, showing how millennials want many of the same things as other generations, just more quickly and in a different order and form.Giving helpful context based on his own powerful and unlikely story of continuous struggle and overcoming massive challenges as a millennial, the author weaves a compelling narrative through the historical, psychological, linguistic, and other threads underlying the millennial experience at work and in life. Based on his in-depth analysis of data and trends, Kruman makes specific recommendations for corporate leaders looking to get-and keep and develop-top millennial talent into their ranks, diving deep into specific benefits, communication methods and tools, mission and vision, and other elements of branding relevant to millennial attraction, engagement, and retention. This book is likewise for early and mid-career millennials looking to better under stand themselves and make compelling cases for improvements around the aforementioned in their own companies.But how can you get, keep and develop -- top Millennial talent?Well stay tuned because you are about to find out; our guest on this episode is… Yuri KrumanWith a background that spans, Law, Finance, and Neuroscience; Yuri Kurman is a deeply knowledgable individual who has become a highly in demand corporate, HR and Employee Experience (EX) Consultant, startup advisor, Forbes Coaches Council, member and contributor to Forbes, Entrepreneur, and other top platforms.\xa0His consulting, advising and coaching portfolio includes speaking engagements and advisory work has impacted thousands of corporate and startup executives.\xa0He is the author of the fabulous book: "What Millennials Really Want From Work and Life"On This episode we go FullMonty on:Why he (not a Millennial) is on his 5th career?False Generational ExpectationsHow can we best empower your employees to do their life\'s best work with usThe need to both Human and SystemizedWhat being a childhood Russian Immigrant taught him about expectationsTo find out more about Yuri Kruman:  http://YuriKruman.com/Consultant\xa0 or http://Masterthetalk.comTo find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | What’s your process for making the best decisions possible… Can you do it while keeping your ego in check? And can you do so while choosing and Taking The Higher Road?At some point on the climb to the top we are going to have to deal with someone whose ego is so big that we may want to quit.\xa0In fact we know that according to Gallup research people don’t leave jobs they leave bosses!But here’s the uncomfortable question…brace yourself: If behaviour is modelled: Have you (without realizing it) become the\xa0what Gallup called a boss from hell? And if you have; what can you do about it?\xa0Well let’s find out together…My guest on this episode is Leslie AustinDr. Leslie Austin is affectionately known to her clients as "The Lion Tamer."\xa0She has over twenty-five years’ experience helping successful senior executives and leaders create a positive change in behaviour patterns for themselves and for their colleagues and teams.\xa0These positive behaviour changes result in significantly improved performance and effectiveness at work, at leisure, and at home.She helps her clients learn how to systematically become more effective decision-makers by practicing Taking The Higher Road, a process which results in her clients making the best decision possible every time.\xa0Dealing with Narcissistic LeadersHow you are likely missing out on a crucial element of communicationsThe most important principles involved in taking the higher roadWhat are the results gained from taking the higher roadHow emotions are so misunderstood and misusedWorking with your emotions in a systematic wayTapping the best, most effective version of yourself.How To Make the Best Decision Every Time.The obstacles in our way, and why we can’t get what we want.\xa0and so much more https://leslieaustin.comTo find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | DO NOT MISS THIS ONE!!!Executive leadership faces new vulnerabilities. Many leaders privately concede them, but few are willing to talk publicly about them. \'Unthinkable\' events since 2014 have revealed a new leadership fragility at the highest levels. The pace of change shows that the uncertainties are greater than ever.Is this the \'new normal?\' Thinking The Unthinkable is an investigation into why leaders have appeared more unable or unwilling than ever to anticipate the biggest issues of our time. In an era of \'wicked problems\' why are current leadership behaviours and culture apparently not fit for purpose?What are the causes of so many failures in policy and strategic forecasting?Are they human frailties? Or are they systemic failures to embrace smartly new realities?Through hundreds of interviews and conversations, Nik Gowing and Chris Langdon have analysed the deep new challenges to the human capacity of leaders at the highest keels to accept, understand, embrace then handle the extraordinary processes of change and disruption. This essential book draws on the candid responses. The findings will be disconcerting to leaders at all levels.We live in what might be the most disrupted time in history, hundred year old industries are disappearing over night.\xa0Things that we considered normal have nothing to do with what’s going on. In fact much of what’s going on today we would have considered “Unthinkable” not very long ago.\xa0The question is how can we as leaders thrive in a time where the unthinkable is the norm?\xa0Well let’s find out together…This has one of my most intriguing interviews. What my guests brought to light is fascinating, awakening and a clear call to action!My guests on this episode are Nik Gowing and Chris LangdonThe resumes of both are outstanding…Here’s a quick overview:Nik Gowing was a main news presenter for the BBC’s international 24-hour news channel… BBC World News from 1996-2014.\xa0He presented\xa0The Hub with Nik Gowing, BBC World Debates,\xa0Dateline London, plus location coverage of major global stories.He spent 18 years at ITN in senior roles including Diplomatic Editor, Channel 4 News. He received a BAFTA award in 1982 for his coverage of martial law in Poland.Chris Langdon: Founder-Director of Reconciliation Through Film, a charity being established to develop new ways of using communications to help conflict resolution.\xa0Chris is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts (RSA) He has worked extensively on facilitating political reform in SE Europe. Through 2008-2010. he directed the Communicating Europe Programme for the European Stability Initiative, Chris was a TV producer for BBC News, ITN and APTN.Together they have spent the last 4 1/2 years asking leaders how they are coping with disruption - the answer is scary.\xa0Leaders cannot cope!\xa0However, Nik & Chris have some good news…\xa0They found some leaders who thrive on change.\xa0This is a fascinating episode that steps outside of leadership as we know it and confronts questions about leadership that few have had the courage to face.On this episode we go FullMonty on:Why leaders are struggling to keep up?\xa0The best way thrive in an age of massive disruptionThe cost of Conformity\xa0How Nik predicted what is now labelled ‘Fake News’ back in\xa02009. Purpose…what purpose, and why?Talking to scared C SuitersPolitical insurgents ‘shatter the mould’For more on Nik Gowing and Chris Langdon and Thinking The Unthinkable:\xa0www.thinkunthink.orgTo find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader | We all know that bees are some of nature’s best workers, but have you ever considered your organization as a hive?What if you worked in or could create an environment where everyone was a buzz to be there?A People-Centric, Thriving Hive of People who were all purpose inspired?One impact of living in technology driven age has been the ever increasing demand to work. As a result our people can end up feeling like cogs in a machine...cogs that will eventually breakdown.We are all at least beginning to know the importance of creating a corporate culture where your people feel heard, honoured and respected. However, many companies who recognize this but don\'t bother to find out how to do it are headed toward the cliff.Imagine creating an environment that was like a bee hive of unification.... An environment where everyone felt and knew that they were needed. Is it a fantasy or a reality? If it is a real possibility how can you do it?Well let’s find out together…My guests on this episode is The Queen Bee of engagement Mari Ryan!Mari, leverages over 30 years of business experience in various including marketing, consulting and executive roles across a variety of different industries. Today she is the CEO and founder of Advancing Wellness, and she is an expert in worksite well-being.\xa0She is the founder and former Board Chair of the Worksite Wellness Council of Massachusetts, and is a member of the Board of Directors of Health Promotion Advocates.\xa0She serves on the Advisory Board for “Global Women 4 Wellbeing.” An active member of the National Speakers Association.\xa0On top of all that Mari is the author of a book: The Thriving Hive\xa0 `How People-Centric Organizations Ignite Engagement and Fuel Results. A book that recently won the national business book award.\xa0On This episode we go FullMonty on...How employee engagement drives sustainable business resultsWhat is employee Well BeingRelationship between employee well-being and engagementThe value to businesses of having a healthy, engaged workforce.What we can learn from Bee\'s about being part a teamHow to recognize if your organizations is a "Dive Hive" or "Thrive Hives"The power and importance purpose in building your companyHow running a people focused organization is lowering costs And so much more...To find out more about Mari Ryan and Building a Thrive Hive: http://www.advwellness.comTo find out more about\xa0hiring Dov Baron\xa0as a speaker or strategist for your organization:\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/consulting\xa0or\xa0http://fullmontyleadership.com/speaking.Remember you can now also find us on iTunes, Spotify, iHeart Radio, or wherever you tune into podcasts.And on traditional radio stations across the US every Monday and Thursday on:\xa099.5 FM & 1520 AM Las Vegas102.1 FM & 1640 AM Lancaster, Philadelphia87.9 FM & 810 AM Macon, Georgia\xa092.1 FM & 1630 AM Tampa, Florida97.7 The Villages, Florida96.3 FM Boulder, Colorado90.3 FM Milwaukee, Wisconsin\xa094.7 FM Pittsburg, Philadelphia87.9 FM Colorado Springs, ColoradoAnd NOW LIVE on 96.7FM WASHINGTON, DC and on 96.7FM covering THE WASHINGTON DC & QUANTICO area.Also, look for us on\xa0ROKU TV where there are 100K subscribers.\xa0If you are a regular listener, then a big thank-you to you for making us the #1 podcast globally for Fortune 500 listeners!\xa0And with a potential reach of\xa02.5 to 3 million listeners for every show, we’re honored and grateful to be\xa0cited in INC.com as The #1 Podcast To Make You a Better Leader', 'chan_desc': "Eavesdrop in on over 500 of the most interesting conversation in the personal and professional leadership world!This is the World-wide #1 Fortune 500 Podcast, Inc Magazine Top Podcast for Next-Gen Leadership and Business Families!Dov Baron's Leadership and Loyalty Show focuses on inspiring those who lead to live deeply meaningful, purpose driven lives that are heart, soul and mind aligned. So that you can have not only the success, but also the fulfillment that allows you to make the massive difference you came here to make, and be an extraordinary leader with a cult like following!What could it mean to you, your organization or family business to step into the highest form of your soul purpose and become a truly authentic leader?", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/1b/b9/97/1bb997f8-90ef-88d6-1654-bb450c368a8d/mza_3327680529080465678.jpeg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2008-01-22'}}

{'Thrivetime Show | Business School without the BS': {'title': 'Thrivetime Show | Business School without the BS', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Thrivetime-Show-|-Business-School-without-the-BS-id1461941', 'num_comments': 6, 'author': 'Clay Clark', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 43512, 'play_count': 142962, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/Thrive_15', 'https://www.facebook.com/Thrive15', 'https://www.thrivetimeshow.com'], 'ep_total': 1551, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-06', '00:31:29', 0], ['2019-10-05', '00:17:50', 0], ['2019-10-04', '00:50:04', 0], ['2019-10-03', '01:05:35', 0], ['2019-10-02', '03:22:32', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:38:14', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:52:39', 1], ['2019-09-29', '01:34:07', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:28:09', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:20:42', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Wes Carter, attorney at Law with Winters and King answers the question from a Thriver in Michigan, “What does an effective contract for contractors look like?” | A Thriver writes, “What company should I start first? An automotive repair business or a health insurance company? Should I start the automotive business and use the money from that to start the health insurance company?”\xa0 | Kickboxing and MMA fighter turned 18 time World Champion Coach Trevor Wittman shares why it’s IMPORTANT that you do not let people hold you back while providing us an inside look into the world of championship professional MMA, boxing and kickboxing. | The CEO of RusticCuff.com joins Clay Clark to interview Reggie Pace from The No BS Brass Band joins the Thrivetime Show to share about crashing Forbes, what it’s like to become a full-time musician, the POWER of OBSESSION, etc | Learn about the top 73 entrepreneur success stories without a college degree including founders of Bank of America, Clear Channel, General Electric, Etsy, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, and many leading companies that didn’t need a college degree. | Mike Foust, the owner of Rite Temp Refrigeration shares about how Clay Clark’s business coaching program has provided his company with the systems that have allowed his company to systematically and sustainably grow. | PR Expert Michael Levine shares about his TIffany Theory and why broken windows are a sign of a broken business. Michael has been the PR and branding Expert of Choice for 58 Academy Award winners, 34 Grammy Award winners, and 43 New York Times best-sellers. | Clay breaks down Andrew Carnegie’s book, The Gospel of Wealth.\xa0 In June of 1889, the world’s second wealthiest man published a book titled, The Gospel of Wealth. Want to hear it? Here it goes. | Oxi Fresh franchise brand developer, Matt Kline joins Clay Clark to break down everything you need to know about franchise discovery days. | David Meltzer explains how asking people, “Do you know anyone who can help me?” can change your life. He is the CEO of Sports 1 Marketing, a company he co-founded with Hall of Fame Quarterback Warren Moon, which leverages over $20 billion in relationship capital', 'chan_desc': '"It\'s like Steve Martin meets Steve Forbes." - Jim Stovall - NY Times Best Selling Author. Experience business school without the BS with former US SBA Entrepreneur of the Year Clay Clark and the optometrist turned business tycoon Doctor Robert Zoellner. This award-winning team has been featured on Forbes, Fast Company, Bloomberg, Pando Daily, etc.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/89/ba/ed/89baed81-64c4-ef32-f92f-d556fb0abe06/mza_4972207412445507144.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-01-06'}}

{'The Tropical MBA Podcast - Entrepreneurship, Travel, and Lifestyle': {'title': 'The Tropical MBA Podcast - Entrepreneurship, Travel, and Lifestyle', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Tropical-MBA-Podcast-Entrepreneurship%2C-Travel%2C-and-Lifestyle-id2120641', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Dan Andrews; Ian Schoen', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3352, 'play_count': 68127, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.TropicalMBA.com'], 'ep_total': 515, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:50:10', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:39:56', 0], ['2019-09-19', '01:24:16', 1], ['2019-09-12', '00:59:32', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:43:36', 1], ['2019-08-29', '00:43:03', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:56:10', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:47:12', 0], ['2019-08-08', '00:51:10', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:44:07', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'A few weeks ago, Dan\xa0and\xa0Ian invited Nick Huber on to the show to talk about his storage business Storage Squad.During that conversation, Nick shared the story of how he built a successful "old school" business by applying his technical knowledge to a less competitive market.After we stopped recording, that conversation took an interesting turn when Nick started opening up to us about his philosophy for building labor-intensive businesses that he likes to call "Sweaty Startups".On today\'s podcast, we\'ve invited Nick back to share some of those philosophies, with a focus on the types of business models that he is attracted to, as well as the ones that he isn\'t particularly fond of. | Dan\xa0and\xa0Ian opened up on this podcast recently about a cease and desist letter that they received.Today\'s guest heard that episode and was compelled to share his own story about a similar legal battle.Dylan Smith is the co-founder of Keg Smiths (https://www.kegsmiths.com/), a company that manufactures and sells mini beer kegs, and he has received his fair share of cease and desist letters in his entrepreneurial career.Dylan joins us this week to share a riveting story about how a cease and desist letter led to his products being removed from Amazon, the ramifications of that experience, and how he was able to ultimately win out and get his products back on Amazon.Make sure to stick around until the end of the podcast to hear this week\'s Dynamite Deal (https://dynamitedeals.co/), which includes a deep discount for legal services for entrepreneurs. | Today\'s episode features an in-depth look into one particular entrepreneurial journey that Dan\xa0and\xa0Ian have been following for a decade.Longtime listeners will certainly be familiar with Travis Jamison.Travis has joined us on this show many times in the past, and you\'ve likely heard ads for his newest company Smash Digital on the show in recent weeks.Travis has been on a pretty epic journey since we first met, not just living and working in many countries, but he has become a hugely successful entrepreneur as well.We invited Travis back on to the show this week to share his unbelievable story.You\'ll hear how he started a supplement company and scaled it almost entirely through SEO, how he transitioned to SEO services, how he then shifted into SEO for Amazon sellers with AMZ Tracker, and how he made some judicious exits from those companies, which has allowed him to take equity stakes in a dozen or more start-ups with the investment arm of his new company. | One of Dan and Ian\'s favorite things to talk about on this show is the role that technology plays in our lives.They are particularly curious about the ways that new technology and social media can affect our ability to be productive and successful entrepreneurs.Today\'s guest is a bonafide expert when it comes to technological addiction and how to fight it. Nir Eyal is an accomplished and thoughtful writer on the topic of behavioral design. Nir gained notoriety for writing the book Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products and he is also the author of an excellent blog at NirAndFar.com. We have invited him on to the podcast today to talk about his new book Indistractable: How to Control Your Attention and Choose Your Life. Indistractable is all about making sure technology takes an appropriate place in your life, and how we can find more space in our own lives to be present and productive. Stick around to the end of the show to hear a brand new feature on this podcast, which includes a very exclusive offer for listeners of this show. | A listener of this podcast recently reached out to Dan\xa0and\xa0Ian to let them know what he was up to.They were so inspired by his story of "old-school" entrepreneurship that they knew they needed to invite him on to the show to share it.Nick Huber is one of the founders of Storage Squad, a storage company that he started with his business partner Dan in 2011 and has grown to nearly 3 million dollars in sales. Recently, they have begun diversifying into self-storage as well.Nick joins us this week to share the story of Storage Squad, how he and Dan got it off the ground while they were still in college, how they have expanded it to other colleges throughout the United States, and the advantages of running a location-dependent business remotely. | Dan\xa0and\xa0Ian are well aware that the entrepreneurial journey isn\'t made up entirely of success stories.Many entrepreneurs listening to this podcast are struggling right now.They might be on the fence about becoming an entrepreneur or reconsidering their decision to become one in the first place.We\'ve talked many times on this podcast about the "1,000 Day Rule"; this idea that it takes roughly 1,000 days of serious hard work to replace the money that you make from your job.Anders Ronnau recently posted in our private community The Dynamite Circle about his own twist on this idea, which he calls "The 4,000 Day Rule".He proposes that after 4,000 days, or roughly ten years, if you haven\'t had meaningful success building a business for yourself, then you probably need to get a job.We\'ve invited Anders on to the show this week to talk about that rule and to share his own story about how running a business isolated him, and why he ultimately decided he needed to stop being an entrepreneur. | Today\'s episode is all about something that Dan and Ian still find magical about entrepreneurship.That is, if you find the right thing to write about, the internet will still allow you to make a great living off of it.This week\'s guest was able to do exactly that with essentially one blog post. Ryan Robinson is the host of a podcast called The Side Hustle Project and he runs a fantastic blog over at RyRob.com. He recently wrote a piece on his that blog about how to start a blog and make money from it, and that post went on to become the most successful piece of content he has created. On today\'s show, Ryan joins us to share some great insights about that post, as well as some strategies for creating content that makes money, and some actionable tips for getting started today. | Dan and Ian recently came across a question in their private forum, The Dynamite Circle."How important has your network been to your success?"The power of having the right connections is absolutely fundamental to growing a business, especially a location independent one.On today\'s episode, we are sharing some of our own personal approaches to networking. These are useful whether you\'re going to a conference, picking up a phone, or talking to people in your industry.We\'re also going to discuss some specific networking archetypes we\'ve seen, and how you might develop your own personal strategy for networking. | A few weeks ago on this podcast, Dan and Ian were talking about some of their biggest pet peeves.In that episode, Ian lamented that the quality of flip flops available for purchase had drastically declined. What happened next should come as no surprise. A few listeners of this show reached out to us to let us know that they had started their own product business manufacturing flip flops.Jeremy Stewart is the co-founder of Hari Mari, which he started with his wife Leila. Hari Mari manufactures and sells premium flip flops across the globe. On today\'s episode, Jeremy joins us to talk about how their company was founded, how his experience as a political consultant helped Hari Mari grow, and how they were able to go from ground zero to having their products sold in big box retail stores. | Dan and Ian love hearing from listeners of this show.So many times, people reach out to us with thoughtful questions, and one of our favorite things to do is to answer them on this podcast.On today\'s episode, we are reaching into the mailbag to answer a variety of questions that you submitted to us via email or voicemail.We\'ll be discussing a broad range of topics including how long it really takes to get your business off the ground, leveraging locations at the various stages of your entrepreneurial journey, the dilemmas of sustainability, and a whole lot more.', 'chan_desc': 'The Tropical MBA Podcast aims to show you the inside story of the people who are building "micro-multinational" businesses while they travel the world. We are interested in entrepreneurship, travel, internationalization, and personal freedom. Join 1,000\'s of listeners from all around the world, every Thursday morning.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/b9/d1/fd/b9d1fdfa-5fad-eaa1-5efc-1b88a7b6b16e/mza_3615715753005496039.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2009-07-29'}}

{'Bulletproof Dental Practice': {'title': 'Bulletproof Dental Practice', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Bulletproof-Dental-Practice-id403469', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Dr. Peter Boulden & Dr. Craig Spodak', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 162, 'play_count': 20958, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://bulletproofdentalpractice.com'], 'ep_total': 121, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:39:48', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:33:10', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:26:54', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:44:17', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:49:49', 0], ['2019-08-22', '01:06:17', 0], ['2019-08-07', '01:02:41', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:59:35', 0], ['2019-06-06', '01:05:56', 0], ['2019-05-30', '01:02:44', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay in the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 126 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden Guest: Patrick Bet-David Key Takeaways: ● Introduction\xa0 ● Being an Entrepreneur\xa0 ● Earning Your Self-Esteem\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 ■ Self-Validation\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 ■ Getting Along With YOU\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 ■ Principles\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 ■ Confidence\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 ■ Alignment\xa0 ● Learning From Mistakes\xa0 ● Making A Play Book\xa0 ● Advice Patrick Would Give to Himself\xa0 ● Advice To YOU From Patrick\xa0 ● Defining Success\xa0 ● Closing Remarks\xa0 References: Valuetainment Vault 2020 Patrick Bet-David Poor Charlie\'s Almanac on Amazon Tweetable: People Feel What You Believe\xa0 Don’t Compromise Your Non-Negotiables\xa0 It’s Going to be a Great Pain Today, But it Will Reward You in the Long Term | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay ivn the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 125 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden \xa0 Key Takeaways: ● Introduction\xa0 ● Mentality Shift with Ownership\xa0 ● Associate-Driven Model ● Hiring for Partnership\xa0 ● Functional Ownership & Hiring for Your Weakness\xa0 ● Two Skills When Hiring Associate/Looking for a Partner\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 ■ Good Dentist\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 ■ Partner Role\xa0 ● Drag Along Rights\xa0 ● Owner Financing\xa0 ● Divide and Conquer\xa0 ● Planning with Partnership\xa0 ● Benefits of Partnership\xa0 ● Having the Conversation\xa0 ● Summit 2020 \xa0 Tweetable: Don’t Pay Me For My Time, Pay Me For My Results Divide and Conquer A Partnership Is, Indeed, A Freakin Marriage All Cool Things in Life Happen From Compounding Trust is Great Fuel For Business It’s A Good Time To Be A Dentist \xa0 | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay ivn the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 124 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden \xa0 Key Takeaways: ● Introduction\xa0 ● On Being the Smartest Person in the Room\xa0 ● Evaluate Where You Are\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0○ Hire for Your Weaknesses\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0○ Reevaluate Motives\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0○ Hold Yourself Accountable \xa0 \xa0 \xa0○ Desire Growth\xa0\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0○ Be Discerning About Who You Spend Time With\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0○ Seek Happiness \xa0 \xa0 \xa0○ Value Progress\xa0 ● How to Get People to Like You\xa0 ● Victim VS. Victor ● Advice From the Smartest Guy in the Room\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Tweetable: What\'s My Best Use NOW? Happy Friends Make You Happier | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay ivn the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 122 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden Guest: Dr. August de Oliveira \xa0 Key Takeaways: ● Introduction ● 3D Printing Models \xa0 \xa0 \xa0- Aligners \xa0 \xa0 \xa0- Analogs/Restoration ● 3D Printing Parties ● OBJ & Bellus 3D ● Open Sourcing in Dentistry ● Resolution & Precision ● Sprint Ray Pro & Asiga Max ● Resins ● Same Day Dentistry \xa0 \xa0 \xa0- Digital Dentistry ● Eliminating Milling? ● PMMA/Zirconia ● Use in Implant Cases ● Upcoming Printing Parties \xa0 \xa0 \xa0- 3D Printing Party: December 13-15 Eagan, Minnesota \xa0 \xa0 \xa0- November 7-9 Phoenix, AZ \xa0 References:  3D Printing Party  Guided Implant Course \xa0 \xa0 Tweetable: 3D Printing Party | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay in the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 122 Host:\xa0Dr. Peter Boulden \xa0@ DEO Summit Key Takeaways:  \xa0Introduction What is Blockchain?  \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-Disintermediation  \xa0What is Bitcoin?  \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-Scarcity \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-Decentralization \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-Transparency \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-Anti-inflationary \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-Information Revolution  FANG Stocks/Cryptocurrency How Blockchain Affects Dentistry  \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 -Health records \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 -Peer-to-Peer, Consumer, & Professional Lending \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 -Securitized tokens \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 -Advertising & Marketing  Q&A with Dr. Boulden\xa0 \xa0 \xa0\xa0  References:  7 Ways that Blockchain Cryptocurrencies Will Disrupt the Industry Tweetable: Best Performing Asset Class, Bar None, Over the Last 10 Years Putting the World\'s Money in Perspective \xa0 | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay in the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 121 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden Guest: @BloodyToothGuy \xa0 Key Takeaways:  Introduction Post-Training: Oral Surgery  Trends in the Industry Differing Skillsets Shift in Oral Surgery   Human Connection & Communication DSO\'s Marketing & Brand Awareness Self-Awareness of Skillset  Hiring for Your Inadequacies Well-Trained Specialists Within Practice   Post-Op Calls Imitation is Flattery Oral Care Focus/Awareness in the Media Spodak + Boulden = BFFs BTG Anonymity\xa0  \xa0 References:  Bulletproof Dental Practice book \xa0 Tweetable: Making Dentistry Cool Again Clinical Acumen Not Equal to Success You Own the Result of Your Communication Imitation is Flattery Hater Mentality Never Leads to Success\xa0 | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay in the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 120 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden Guest: Dr. Trey \xa0 Key Takeaways:  Introduction Set the Right Goals  Specify & Believe to Achieve   Marketing  Internal & External Conversion Scripting/Scaffolding Focus on Each Patient   No Shows=Same Day Dentistry Developing Your Own Skills  Creating Value in Yourself Be AUTHENTICALLY YOU\xa0 Gaining Data/Insight on Yourself Finding Your "Why"   Hiring/On-boarding  \xa0 References:  Bulletproof Dental Practice book \xa0 Tweetable: Same Day Dentistry Can Change the Game Leadership Never Ends \xa0 | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay in the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 119 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden  Listen to full audio by clicking here! Key Takeaways:  Introduction Audit Your Support Circle: Proximity is Power "Life happens FOR us, not TO us." The antidote to anxiety and stress is massive action.  References: Bulletproof Dental Summit 2019 \xa0 Tweetable: Proximity is Power \xa0 | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay in the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 118 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden Guest: Weston Lunsford \xa0 Key Takeaways: \xa0  Introduction Top Metrics To Move The Needle Dental Intel  Net Patient Growth   Measuring Success  Pearson’s Law   What Are You Proactively Doing? Weston’s Top 3 Metrics  Average Production Per Visit Hygiene Re-Appointment Percentage Treatment Acceptance Percentage   Production Per Visit  Net Production Divided Patient Visits North Of $500   Hygiene Re-Appointment Percentage  Costs Per Acquisition In-Active Patients Net Attrition - Less Than 8% Strive For 85% Patient Selecting   Treatment Acceptance Percentage  Restorative Care Checking By Teams   Focusing On Rewarding Action  \xa0 References: \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Summit 2019 \xa0 Dental Intelligence Community \xa0 weston@dentalintel.com   Tweetable: \xa0 What You Measure Inherently Increases \xa0 | Text ‘bulletproof’ to 345345 to stay in the know about all things Bulletproof, and buy the book  HERE! \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Practice Podcast\xa0Episode 117 Hosts: Dr. Craig Spodak & Dr. Peter Boulden Guest: Dr. Christopher Phelps \xa0 Key Takeaways: \xa0  Introduction Dr. Phelps’s Story Dr. Cialdini’s Methodology  Consistency Principle Commitment Public Knowledge   Developing New Models For Dentistry  Mobile Practices   Case Acceptance  Sales, Skills & Ethics Understanding Decision Making Focusing The Patient   Proactive Or Reactive  Tailoring Your Presentation Finding Commonalities Confidence Choices   Modelling Who You Are & Who You Are Meeting  Knowing The Options Pro’s & Con’s   Problem > Consequence > Solution  Carefully Asking Questions    \xa0 References: \xa0 Bulletproof Dental Summit 2019 \xa0 The Phelps Institute \xa0 Dr. Robert Cialdini \xa0 Guide Them To Yes \xa0 Tweetable: You never want to ask a yes or no question to a leading question that was meant to start a dialogue.', 'chan_desc': 'Dentistry is evolving - Is your practice BULLETPROOF?Marketing. Systems. Leadership. Proven strategies to grow your practice with co-hosts Dr. Peter Boulden and Dr. Craig Spodak.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/a3/7a/80/a37a80a3-306b-4284-f9c3-7c784123b1e2/mza_7017738777628352162.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-10-20'}}

{'Capitalism.com with Ryan Daniel Moran': {'title': 'Capitalism.com with Ryan Daniel Moran', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Capitalism.com-with-Ryan-Daniel-Moran-id2162242', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Capitalism.com', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2824, 'play_count': 49262, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/RyanMoran', 'http://www.Capitalism.com'], 'ep_total': 459, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:33:03', 0], ['2019-10-02', '01:28:05', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:51:35', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:38:00', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:29:39', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:00:14', 1], ['2019-09-20', '00:15:18', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:33:33', 1], ['2019-09-16', '01:07:58', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:25:16', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Ryan is joined by Omar — who runs Margin Business, an Amazon optimization agency — to talk about finding and hiring that anchor employee, the one who frees you up to build your business rather than work in it. \xa0 How do you hire for a role that hasn’t been systematized? Ryan shares the 3 most important characteristics that this person needs to have. He also highlights the critical steps to getting organised for that first hire to work out. \xa0 Mentioned in this episode \xa0 Marginbusiness.com Turnkey Product Management Outstanding Foods | Ryan “DMT” Moran makes an appearance on his Ayahuasca Shaman’s podcast to dive deep into every spiritual pool available and investigate how they relate to one another. Join them for a thoughtful discussion on Ryan’s spiritual journey to this day, how Ayahuasca fit into it and where he thinks it may lead in terms of personal and professional development. \xa0 Keep in touch \xa0 @RyanMoran @RyanDanielMoran \xa0 Mentioned in this episode \xa0 Zach and Jess Poitra | Jeff Lieber sits down for an interview with Ryan Daniel Moran. Is Ryan a robot? He shares the one aim that drives all of his actions and how his personal routines enable him to get more done. \xa0 Jeff and Ryan also discuss how to build an audience in Amazon, as well as how to prepare for the future in order to thrive in the long term despite Amazon changes. \xa0 Mentioned in this episode \xa0 Turnkey Product Management Sign up for the Playbook for Amazon Class over at Capitalism.com/AmazonClass \xa0 Tweetables \xa0 “I think the biggest opportunity, the biggest white space, is building brands around audiences.” — Ryan Daniel Moran | Bradley comes on the Freedom Fastlane podcast to have permission to get unstuck. \xa0 Today, Ryan gives advice he rarely gives, and he coaxes Bradley into realizing you know what you want, even when you think you don’t know! Also, how to best use your social media when you’re an introvert. \xa0 Mentioned in this episode \xa0 Black Rifle Coffee Mizzen+Maines | Ryan picks up a thread he didn’t get to on the last episode: his predictions for the coming elections, Woohoo! Controversy! He names names, makes bets, and draws interesting business lessons from the current candidate positions. \xa0 Ryan also touches on the lies he has believed about money and his current understanding of freedom. \xa0 Keep in touch \xa0 @RyanMoran @RyanDanielMoran | Patrick Donohoe interviews Ryan Daniel Moran in this intimate conversation about the nature of Capitalism and how defending its core principles serves humanity on a large scale and time frame. \xa0 Patrick and Ryan also touch on the hardships, failures and challenges of entrepreneurship as well as discuss politics. \xa0 Mentioned in this episode \xa0 Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Andrew Yang Toms Shoes Joseph Shumpeter Frederich Hayek Ray Dalio Turnkey Product Management \xa0 Quotes (edited) \xa0 “Profit is the reflection of you doing good, and with that you can do whatever you want, you’ve already paid your debt to society by doing that good thing in the first place.” — Ryan Daniel Moran \xa0 “The only person in politics smarter than AOC is Donal Trump.” — Ryan Daniel Moran \xa0 “Today is the first time a message can be delivered at scale, and because of that, we are now incentivized to do whatever gets attention on a mass scale, especially when you’re doing something like running for president.” — Ryan Daniel Moran | Douglas retired from his family business in 2011. He battled burnout and depression and has been dabbling in longevity meetups. He is looking for involvement. \xa0 Ryan helps him see how he’s already filling a niche — he looks good at 67! Now he needs to start, Ryan breaks down what he should do. \xa0 Mentioned in this episode \xa0 FlynnCon \xa0 Ray Kurzweil — The Age of Spiritual Machines \xa0 Meetup \xa0 Peter Attia | Ryan opens up today’s edition with some business news you need to find interesting — pay attention! \xa0 Creativity is the key to your pursuits, why? Ryan shares the insights he’s picked up over the thousands of attempts at creation he’s made. \xa0 Keep in touch \xa0 @RyanMoran \xa0 @RyanDanielMoran \xa0 Mentioned in this episode \xa0 Zevia \xa0 Virgil’s Soda \xa0 Quest Nutrition \xa0 One bars | What does it mean to be a man and an entrepreneur today? Ryan shares his thoughts on masculinity, loneliness, creativity, capitalism, growth and religion. \xa0 Ryan opens up about what influence he wants to have as a man and what he has learned about women. And tune in to hear the number one rule of business he has always violated as well as what you should be willing to sacrifice in the pursuit of truth. \xa0 Key takeaways \xa0 Men are trained to shoulder and carry the burden, do it alone, and do it in silence. This is a lie. \xa0 Ryan’s journey started with being aware that he felt alone and noticing that every aspect of his life was better when he wasn’t. \xa0 Challenge [8:13] Ryan shares his biggest challenge so far in his journey as a human, a man, and an entrepreneur. He also touches on his take on the meaning of life. \xa0 [10:00] Loneliness shouldn’t be man’s default state, but it’s the case for the majority of male leaders today. \xa0 Capitalism [12:29] Capitalism.com is one of Ryan’s entrepreneurial ventures and it’s been the vehicle for building the community he’s looking for. \xa0 [15:12] Ryan talks about the extraction versus the input mentalities he sees in young entrepreneurs and explains which of them best benefits Capitalism as a model. \xa0 Part of why Capitalism.com exists is to change the conversation around entrepreneurship. \xa0 Fear and purpose [22:10] Who does Ryan fear the most in this world? He explains the pitfalls of eschewing in opposition to the importance of finding purpose. \xa0 [24:44] A 25 year plan is Ryan’s way of harnessing his ability to make good decisions long term. The benefits of long term thinking cannot be overstated. \xa0 Ryan is expecting his first boy in December — this led him to an ‘oh! shit’ moment — and it may well be the start of his thought process beyond the 25 year mark and into “post-Ryan”. \xa0 Q1 [31:19] Mike asks Ryan about working with very — very — young entrepreneurs. This leads to an interesting conversation about perception. \xa0 Q2 [37:17] Kids don’t have any preconceived notions, should it not be easier to make them entrepreneurs? Nature vs nurture: Ryan opens up about what he wants for his own children. \xa0 Q3 [40:15] Still want to buy the Indians? Yes, but… there’s a caveat! And this is a multi-part answer on how Ryan has grown and who he has grown into. \xa0 Q4 [46:38] John asks what is the impact Ryan wants to have on the world? To be an example. The perception of men and masculinity is of destruction and divisiveness. Masculinity is more about leadership, service and kindness. \xa0 Q5 [50:36] Leadership comes with criticism. Is there any way to avoid it or do we have to steel ourselves? \xa0 “Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it.” — Credited to André Gide, 1952. Translated to English, 1959 (“Croyez ceux qui cherchent la vérité, doutez de ceux qui la trouvent.”) \xa0 Q6 [57:04] How did Ryan lose his religion? In short, the church has a lot of dogmatic people claiming to have found truth and Ryan isn’t done looking for it. But in reality it was a complex, scary and painful journey which may someday become a book. \xa0 Q7 [1:02:12] After questioning his faith and losing his religion, where is Ryan today? Ryan offer a vulnerable, honest and very personal answer. \xa0 Thanks for listening! \xa0 Mentioned in this episode \xa0 Capitalism.com x Paradigm Life’s Patrick Dohonoe — Free wealth strategy guide \xa0 GoBundance \xa0 Quotes \xa0 “Men are trained to shoulder and carry the burden, as well as to do it alone. This is a lie.” — Ryan Daniel Moran \xa0 “I just find that I make better decisions the longer term I think, it enables you to factor more things in.” — Ryan Daniel Moran \xa0 “Are you here? Am I safe? Do you love me? If you think about it, ever fight you’ve ever had with a woman had its roots in one of these three things.” — Ryan Daniel Moran \xa0 “Listen to the man who pursue truth and flee from the man who has claimed to have found it.” — Ryan Moran quoting André Gide \xa0 “American Christianity specifically keeps most people from experiencing God that Jesus of Nazareth referenced.” — Ryan Daniel Moran \xa0 | Today Ryan talks to Kei Nishida — Author and founder and CEO of JapanesGreenTeaIn.com — a business for which he’d like to acquire more customers and see their sales increase. \xa0 Blog traffic is working, email channels are working and event presence is working… how do you increase scale speed? Ryan offer tips from ramping up content writing to using the attention you’re already getting to your advantage.', 'chan_desc': 'The Capitalism.com Podcast Network presents content for those who are bold enough create change, pursue wealth, find freedom, take control of their health, and reach their full potential.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/68/41/28/684128b3-6622-6169-86a9-1d2731a51919/mza_5056665761656158813.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-10-01'}}

{'Tacoincidence with Scott Porter': {'title': 'Tacoincidence with Scott Porter', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Tacoincidence-with-Scott-Porter-id2389268', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Porter', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 3, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://tacoincidence-with-scott-porter.simplecast.com'], 'ep_total': 2, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:42:27', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:00:49', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': '"There\'s two choices in life: you can remain or you can evolve."The value of learning customer experience from every company you work for (3:50)Secret #1: Be different (5:20)What was different about Dragonfly spin classes from all the others Gayle had taken (5:31)The reward of leaving a stable, unfulfilling job and going for the opportunity you are passionate about (8:08)Secret #2: Pay attention to the details (9:18)Why Dragonfly doesn\'t feel like it has any competition (9:38)Secret #3: Create real connection (12:35)How Dragonfly inspires customers to be "the best version of you" (12:46)Secret #4: Human centered experience is greater than bells and whistles (18:15)Why creating a welcoming environment for all walks of life makes such a difference (18:24)Secret #5: Empathy leads to loyalty (19:01)Secret #6: Hire selectively (20:30)What Dragonfly looks for in hiring instructors (20:41)Secret #7: Stay true to your core focus (25:05)Why you need to be crystal clear on what your product really is (25:15)How to be attuned to what your customer wants (29:55)Secret #8: Make them feel seen (31:20)What makes Dragonfly different and special (31:30)The one thing Gayle suggests to make an amazing customer experience (38:44)Links we mention in this episodeTaco Stop #1: Lotería Grill, Los AngelesDragonfly CyclingWatch Tacoincidence episode VIDEOSYouTube // Including this episode\'s video version (15:17)InstagramFollow Gayle FullerInstagramFollow Scott PorterLinkedInFollow the Search for the Perfect TacoInstagramYouTubeLinkedInWebsiteAbout TacoincidenceThis is Tacoincidence — where we learn secrets of breakthrough brand experience from the most brilliant leaders while we’re on the search for the perfect taco. I\'m your host, Scott Porter, entrepreneur, brand experience strategist and the taco-obsessed founder of Search for the Perfect Taco.In my lifelong search, I’ve learned the taco experience is even more than crazy good tacos — it’s about real human connection. And Tacoincidence is about discovering how visionary leaders build successful organizations with human experience at the core of their brand’s DNA. Whether it’s with granola bars, electric bikes, software or socks. I wanted to learn why these leaders believe in the power of relationship-based brand experience, what they do to create it and how it’s helped them thrive. All…over tacos.Join the journey on our website — you’re not going to want to miss out on our national taco tour we’re planning! Follow us on social media, subscribe to the podcast and YouTube channel, and tune in every Taco Tuesday for new episodes of Tacoincidence, where we’ll continue to explore the secrets to level-up your brand experience AND your taco game. | This is Tacoincidence — where we learn secrets of breakthrough brand experience from the most brilliant leaders while we’re on the search for the perfect taco. I\'m your host, Scott Porter, entrepreneur, brand experience strategist and the taco-obsessed founder of Search for the Perfect Taco.In my lifelong search, I’ve learned the taco experience is even more than crazy good tacos — it’s about real human connection. And Tacoincidence is about discovering how visionary leaders build successful organizations with human experience at the core of their brand’s DNA. Whether it’s with granola bars, electric bikes, software or socks. I wanted to learn why these leaders believe in the power of relationship-based brand experience, what they do to create it and how it’s helped them thrive. All…over tacos.Join the journey on our website — you’re not going to want to miss out on our national taco tour we’re planning! Follow us on social media, subscribe to the podcast and YouTube channel, and tune in every Taco Tuesday for new episodes of Tacoincidence, where we’ll continue to explore the secrets to level-up your brand experience AND your taco game.Follow us on:Tacoincidence episode VIDEOS\xa0Website : Search for the Perfect Taco\xa0Instagram: Search for the Perfect TacoLinkedIn: Search for the Perfect TacoLinkedin: Scott Porter', 'chan_desc': 'This is Tacoincidence — where we learn secrets of breakthrough brand experience from the most brilliant leaders while we’re on the search for the perfect taco. Your host is Scott Porter, entrepreneur, brand experience strategist and the taco-obsessed founder of Search for the Perfect Taco. Join the journey on our website, follow us on social media, subscribe to the podcast and YouTube channel, and tune in every Taco Tuesday for new episodes of Tacoincidence, where we’ll continue to explore the secrets to level-up your brand experience AND your taco game.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/56/33/d8/5633d82d-144d-03f4-78fc-91cbccbbab91/mza_1980816340017853658.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-25'}}

{'Susan Hyatt’s Rich Coach Club': {'title': 'Susan Hyatt’s Rich Coach Club', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Susan-Hyatt’s-Rich-Coach-Club-id1400975', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Susan Hyatt', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 122, 'play_count': 2752, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://shyatt.com/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 224, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:15:39', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:16:17', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:16:22', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:17:19', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:43:01', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:53:47', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:43:31', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:10:56', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:10:20', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:11:38', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In today\'s episode I want to inspire you to embrace what makes you unique and valuable. Just like me, you\'re made the way you are so that you can do something exceptional. As you listen to this episode, I want you to fill in the blanks: I’ve been told that _____ is not okay, but actually it’s one of my biggest strengths, because it means that I ______. What do you bring to the world that\'s special, needed, and amazing? Lean into it - people will thank you! Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://shyatt.com/58 | Today\'s episode is part pep-talk and part smackdown. I\'m here to remind you that life isn\'t a race, and it isn\'t about buying more or consuming more or feeling envious of other people who seem to have what you want. If it\'s even crossing your mind to want that thing - an amazing vacation, a happy marriage, to speak on stage to thousands of people - it\'s because that thing is meant for you. You just need a plan to make it happen. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0http://shyatt.com/57 | Today we’re going to do some No Training, my friends. It’s an essential skill to be able to say no to things that drain your energy or are simply misaligned with your goals. You have to protect your abundant, money-making, life-loving energy if you want to have a rocking business and a life full of joy. I’m giving you three questions to ask yourself in this episode, too, so you can check in with what you’d like to say yes to, what you want to say no to, and what lingering project or task you could check off right now to feel better. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0http://shyatt.com/56 | In this week’s episode, I’m talking about defying reality and being brave enough to dream big. I’ll tell you about how my life and family have changed over the years since we decided to stop trying so hard to be perfect and leaned waaaay into dreaming big and chasing the things we love. And I’ll offer you some advice for dealing with dream-crushers and how you can support your friends and family who want to defy reality, too. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0http://shyatt.com/55 | As women, we’re taught to compete with each other, to criticize & cut down other women. No wonder the patriarchy likes to keep us distracted with this stuff – it keeps us playing small. It doesn’t have to be this way. We can choose to uplift and encourage other women instead. Dr. Melissa Bird is a huge advocate for this kind of community-building, and she gives us a reality check about what happens when women cut each other down. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0http://shyatt.com/54 | This episode is all about hard conversations and how to have them - both in life and in business. CrisMarie, Susan and I talk about why they love helping individuals, businesses, and couples better understand the power of conflict to transform relationships of all types. CrisMarie and Susan share some of their favorite tools for difficult conversations, including the amazing "5-5-5".\xa0 Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://shyatt.com/53 | In this episode, I kick things off with my usual pep talk and talk about how to sell your services in an honest, upfront, and clear way. Then I dive into the interview with Kelly, who shares stories about her business journey, why vulnerability and bravery are so core to how she works, and why she\'s stepping into a much bigger vision for herself and her business. We also discuss borrowing other people\'s bravery and why an imaginary board of directors can help keep you inspired and motivated. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://shyatt.com/52 | In this episode, I\'m talking about why you should channel your account and learn to describe your services in the clearest way possible. No apologies. No confusion. Just a straightforward summary of what you do and how you rock it. I\'ll even give you some tips for coming up with a more straightforward way to talk about your services. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://shyatt.com/51 | Listen in to this episode for a quick pep talk about trusting your gut and pursuing those big ideas. I\'ll tell you how to give yourself and your idea and reality-check before you spend lots of time and money developing this product or service. And we\'ll talk about some other visionaries who have helped shape our world - all because they trusted their intuition and made their radical ideas come true. Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://shyatt.com/50 | This episode is full of motivation for asking for whatever you want, whether that\'s a promotion, a contract with your dream client, some help around the house, or even another snack on the plane. Ask for Everything can apply to any desire in life, big or small. Let this episode be a challenge to you to ask for what you want - you\'ll be surprised by what you\'ll receive! Get full show notes and more information here:\xa0https://shyatt.com/49', 'chan_desc': 'Susan Hyatt’s Rich Coach Club is packed with inspiring ideas, pep talks, interviews, and all kinds of good stuff to help you build a coaching business that is strong, solid, and super profitable. Whether you’re a life coach, health coach, fitness coach, writing coach, any type of coach, you will hear some gems on the show that apply to YOU. Master Certified Life Coach Susan Hyatt combines old-school business savvy with new-school technologies and general bad-assery to teach coaches how to significantly increase their income AND build their dream practice! Download 3 Things You Can Do Right Now to Get More Clients worksheet with audio and let’s get those daily deposits rolling into your bank account at shyatt.com/rich.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/7f/0f/26/7f0f26d5-c5e0-0eb2-96f2-e393a0850e65/mza_602837512921662364.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-07-26'}}

{'Momentum for the Entrepreneurial Personality Type (EPT)': {'title': 'Momentum for the Entrepreneurial Personality Type (EPT)', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Momentum-for-the-Entrepreneurial-Personality-Type-(EPT)-id976209', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Alex Charfen - Entrepreneur Biohacker', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 441, 'play_count': 25552, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://momentumpodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 555, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:18:27', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:11:53', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:16:56', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:13:16', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:15:41', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:18:53', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:19:12', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:19:15', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:11:59', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:12:45', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Welcome to the third and final part of creating a movement. We wrap up the conversation on how to turn your mission and business into a real movement. In this last part, I open up the discussion for Q/A.\xa0 \xa0 Listen in as the audience asks questions on how to identify your niche, what you do when you have your avatar, and more. Get ready, this episode is going to inspire and challenge you. If you haven’t, go back and check out the first two parts of this series, they really set up the framework for the dialog in this episode.\xa0 \xa0 A few takeaways from the episode: \xa0 -Niche your avatar down as much as possible.\xa0 -If you build a movement the right way, it will grow on its own.\xa0 -Movements overcome, adapt, take marketing and supercharge it, and change the world.\xa0 -Grow your business to the point where it’s an empire. -Create a movement, go out and make things happen, and change the world.\xa0 \xa0 Resources mentioned:  https://billionairecode.com\xa0 https://www.charfen.com/podcast/ https://billionairecode.com/apply-now \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 4. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | This episode is the second part of the presentation on how to build a movement. If you missed the first part, make sure you go back and listen to it. In part two, we dive into the pressure and noise that your tribe feels, how to get seen as a leader in your industry, and how to advocate for your tribe.\xa0 \xa0 If your an entrepreneur looking for stability, clarity, and confidence to grow your biz, this is an episode you need to hear. You will see how becoming the greatest advocate of your movement is exactly what you need to do to be recognized as the leader. Listen in as I share how to become the strongest advocate you can be by saying what no one else will, the loudest.\xa0 \xa0 Resources mentioned:\xa0  https://billionairecode.com/apply-now \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 4. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | The next three episodes are part of a three-step process. Tune in as we discuss how to create a movement. In this part, I dive into the massive contribution gap that exists for entrepreneurs today, how to find your tribe, and what steps you need to take to turn your mission into a movement.\xa0\xa0 \xa0 If you want to turn your mission into a movement, these are the things you need to do:\xa0 \xa0 1 - Define and unify your tribe 2 - Provide them with a plan\xa0 3 - Defend your market against the enemy 4 - Advocate for them \xa0\xa0 Make sure to provide contrast, always stand out from the rest of the crowd. If your tribe isn’t hearing you, niche down and try again. If you find yourself not growing, you are probably talking to the crowd and not your tribe. The greatest movements in history had simple plans, remember that when you are building your movement.\xa0\xa0 \xa0 Resources mentioned:\xa0  https://billionairecode.com/apply-now \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 4. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | This episode is the third and final part of our client panel from The Billionaire Code Summit. If you missed the first two, make sure to go back and listen so this last section makes sense. In this episode, we wrap up the discussion with three amazing CEOs. Each of them is so different, yet has similar experiences when it comes to their businesses, and there’s an obvious reason.\xa0\xa0 \xa0 Tune in to discover the true purpose of a CEO and what it takes to become the leader your business needs. These entrepreneurs share with you what it took for them to step into the role of a visionary and the impact it made. As you will hear, this process led each of them to explosive growth and helped them become a stronger leader. Now, they are living life on their terms, and actually enjoying their businesses again.\xa0\xa0\xa0 \xa0 If you need help growing and scaling your businesses, building your team, or getting clear on where you want to go to scale your contribution, then head on over to https://billionairecode.com/apply-now.\xa0 \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 4. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | Listen in for part 2 of the panel discussion we had last week at The Billionaire Code Summit. We get into some awesome topics with Daniel Rosen, Emily Hirsh, and Wallace Nelson on what it’s like to have real momentum in their businesses after implementing the Charfen Cadance.\xa0 \xa0 In this segment, we discuss how these entrepreneurs got out of the way to really allow their teams to thrive and their companies to grow and scale. Tune in as the audience asks them questions on how they got out of the day-to-day and what a typical workday looks like for them now. We also discuss the importance of creating space for what’s coming next, practicing self-care, and eliminating decision-making fatigue. I think you’re really going to love this episode. \xa0 If you’re looking to lower the pressure and noise in your own business, build a game-changing team, and scale your contribution to a massive level, then head on over to https://billionairecode.com/apply-now. \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Join our\xa0Billionaire Code Facebook Group. Come hang out in our Facebook group of over 2,000+ members where we regularly share about team building and company growth. 4. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 5. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | The next three episodes are part of a special series. Just a few days ago, my team and I were all together in Austin, Texas hosting our Billionaire Code Summit. We hold this event three times a year, and this one was by far the best one yet. We had entrepreneurs with 6, 7, and 8 figure businesses come to this event from all over the world.\xa0 \xa0 We decided to capture a portion of it so you could feel like you were right there with us. Tune in to hear from Daniel Rosen, Emily Hirsh, and Wallace Nelson during our client panel. They share with us how they were able to become a passenger in their businesses, how they learned to drop their ego, become vulnerable, and ultimately surrender to scale massively. The three of these entrepreneurs are breaking records in their businesses, and I think you're going to benefit a ton from hearing from them.\xa0 \xa0 If you're looking for more support and want to know how we help entrepreneurs at every level grow and scale their businesses, build their teams, and make sure their contribution in this world is massive, head on over to https://billionairecode.com/apply-now.\xa0 \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Join our\xa0Billionaire Code Facebook Group. Come hang out in our Facebook group of over 2,000+ members where we regularly share about team building and company growth. 4. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 5. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | In this episode, we bring on our very own Laura Alvarado. Before working with us, was running a few pretty successful gyms. Her business was doing over seven figures, and she was only working 5 to 10 hours a week. While this sounds like a dream to most people, it was the opposite for Laura. She found herself bored, feeling unfulfilled, and wanting something more.\xa0 \xa0 Typically people come to us looking for help growing and scaling their businesses, but Laura came to us because she wanted a challenge. She wasn’t in momentum and desperately wanted to be. After going through our Momentum Masterclass and implementing our tools such as the Charfen Cadence, everything changed for her. She finally found herself being challenged, feeling like she was making an impact, and she was able to grow as a leader. She launched her latest business in March and is at a $700,000 run rate. Things have been going great for her. Oh, and she’s working 40+ hours a week, happier than she’s ever been!\xa0\xa0 \xa0 Resources mentioned:\xa0 gymleadconverter.com/freereport - Download Laura’s free report! Momentummasterclass.com - Take the same course Laura did that helped her gain clarity! \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Join our\xa0Billionaire Code Facebook Group. Come hang out in our Facebook group of over 2,000+ members where we regularly share about team building and company growth. 4. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 5. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | Here is the fourth and final part of my presentation at the Titan Summit. In this segment, I go into the contribution equation. Tune in with me as I dive into the meaning of life for entrepreneurs and what differentiates people from the very top to those that want to be there.\xa0 \xa0 You will hear it in the episode, but there are two things you need if you want to go and make your greatest contribution. The first step - relentlessly lower pressure and noise in your life. The second step - tirelessly ask for protection and support from those around you. If you are willing to follow these steps, soon you will join the entrepreneurs at the top.\xa0 \xa0 If you’ve missed the other three parts of this series, make sure to go back and listen to them. After hearing this final part of the series, it’s pretty clear that no matter where an entrepreneur is on their journey...they need support and real growth and scale solutions to build their businesses. If you would like to learn how we do that consistently with the entrepreneurs we work with, head on over to https://billionairecode.com/apply-now. \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Join our\xa0Billionaire Code Facebook Group. Come hang out in our Facebook group of over 2,000+ members where we regularly share about team building and company growth. 4. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 5. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | Listen in for part 3 of my presentation at the Titan Summit. This segment is all about asking the right questions to achieve success. We go over specific themes with successful people such as Bill Gates and Warren Buffett. We take a look at them because starting off, Bill and Warren were just like you. They just knew what questions to ask and how to use them to get ahead.\xa0 \xa0 Here’s the thing - as entrepreneurs, questions fundamentally drive us. It’s just how we are wired. We have questions that drive our life. We have questions that drive us crazy. We question just about everything - as we should. Tune in to hear the questions you should be asking to get yourself ahead and achieve massive levels of success.\xa0 \xa0 Make sure to listen to the episode, but the reality is to scale your business you need to simplify. In our coaching programs, our clients who have experienced fast growth have a common denominator...they simplified like crazy. If you want help growing and scaling your biz, head on over to https://billionairecode.com/apply-now. \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Join our\xa0Billionaire Code Facebook Group. Come hang out in our Facebook group of over 2,000+ members where we regularly share about team building and company growth. 4. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 5. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started. | Tune in for part 2 of my presentation at the Titan Summit. In this section, I unpack the three different states of momentum. Knowing the states of momentum is critical for any entrepreneur. Because when we're in momentum going forward, we are exactly where we want to be. It's then that we are connected to our purpose, our soul, it's who we are. But when we're not, we are in constraint, and we're miserable.\xa0 \xa0 As Entrepreneurial Personality Types (EPTs), we are momentum-based beings. We are physiologically, cognitively, and chemically sensitive. Listen in as we discuss the three states of momentum: being in momentum, facing resistance, and dealing with constraint.\xa0 \xa0 If you're looking for clarity on how to really scale your business and stay in momentum, head over to https://billionairecode.com/apply-now. \xa0 When you’re ready, here are a few ways my team and I can help scale your business: 1. Grab a free copy of my book:\xa0The Entrepreneurial Personality Type. This book will show you why, as an entrepreneur, there is nothing wrong with you, and how you’re not alone. We are the few who dare to dream of a better future and go into the world, insisting it become a reality. 2. Join\xa0Momentum Masterclass. In this course, you’ll learn how to eliminate pressure and noise, how planning systems play a massive role in your success, and the keystone habits every entrepreneur needs to develop. 3. Join our\xa0Billionaire Code Facebook Group. Come hang out in our Facebook group of over 2,000+ members where we regularly share about team building and company growth. 4. Subscribe to the\xa0Momentum Podcast. The Momentum Podcast will walk you through the importance of building a team, scaling companies, and ultimately, making your greatest contribution to the world. 5. Join one of our programs and work with me and my team. If you’d like to work directly with me and my team, to take you from where you are today to a place where there are consistent growth and scale, head on over to\xa0billionairecode.com\xa0and we’ll send over some details to get you started.", 'chan_desc': 'The Momentum Podcast is for those who of us who think differently — made especially for empire builders, game-changers, trailblazers, record makers, and creators of all kinds. Those among us who can’t turn it off, and don’t know why anyone would want to. We challenge complacency, destroy apathy, and we are obsessed with creating momentum. While the rest of the world strives for average and clings desperately to the status quo, you and I are compelled to move forward and change the world. We are the minority, the few, who are willing to hallucinate there could be a better future. Instead of just daydreaming of what could be, we endure the vulnerability and exposure it takes to make it real. We are the evolutionary hunters. The most important people in the world because entrepreneurs are the only source of consistent, positive human evolution, and we always will be.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/8a/a1/13/8aa113fb-0fdb-ea08-d52f-a31d02cde0a6/mza_7307487230613266047.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-07-24'}}

{'Strong Babe Collective': {'title': 'Strong Babe Collective', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Strong-Babe-Collective-id1330281', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Taylor Rae', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 157, 'play_count': 10987, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://strongbabecollective.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 100, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '01:08:30', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:24:45', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:17:03', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:14:05', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:37:16', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:20:03', 0], ['2019-08-29', '01:10:55', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:14:16', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:49:35', 0], ['2019-08-15', '01:06:13', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': '100th EPISODE GIVEAWAY! To enter, head to this post on Instagram and follow the instructions! Winner announced October 11!Use code PODCAST to save 10% off my course, Next Level Launch: https://strongbabe.co/nextlevellaunch\xa0Today’s guest, Dr Stephen Cabral, is a Board Certified Doctor of Naturopathy and founder of the Cabral Wellness Institute and StephenCabral.com.At 17 years old, Stephen Cabral was diagnosed with a life-altering illness and given no hope for recovery. Every day, he suffered endlessly for many years. It was only after Stephen travelled all over the world and discovered how to combine ancient Ayurvedic healing practices with state-of-the-art Naturopathic & Functional Medicine did he understand how to fully rebalance the body and re-energize it with life.His mission is to help people understand that there is always a reason why you have not achieved your ideal wellness or weight loss goals and that you can and will get well again, and the insight he gives inside of this episode is PHENOMENAL! Get your notebooks ready babes - this one has all the tips!Inside this episode:\xa0↣ Stephen shares his D.E.S.T.R.E.S.S Protocol and how it will change your life↣\xa0 We chat sleep, morning routines and practices to enhance your energy levels↣ Debunking health “myths” and what your body really needs to reach a peak state↣ The importance of wellbeing in both your mind and body and how to achieve both↣ The easy hacks you can apply right now to improve your wellness instantly↣ How to realise you are not your disease and that wellness can be achieved by all of us\xa0To connect with Dr Stephen Cabral further and find out more:StephenCabral.comStephenCabral.com/podcastsEquilibriumNutrition.comIntegrativeHealthPractitioner.orgInstagram.com/StephenCabralFacebook.com/DrStephenCabral\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Tools click HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0\xa0Music by Ehrling: https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes! xxx | Use code PODCAST to save 10% off my course, Next Level Launch: https://strongbabe.co/nextlevellaunchIf you\'re here,\xa0 it\'s because you are ready to step into your purpose and to get paid for the impact you have in this world. And for that, I celebrate you.\xa0Inside this episode, I am breaking down exactly how you can step into your purpose now, teach what you are passionate about, and get paid massively for the way you serve others.\xa0Get ready to break through some massive limiting beliefs about money, to learn how you can step into passive income now, and how to see yourself as the expert you already are, so that you can start serving the clients who need you, right now.\xa0Inside this episode:↣ The questions you need to start asking yourself to figure out your purpose↣ How to shift your money around energy so you can call it in, in exchange for your services↣ The importance of jumping before you are ready and how to take massive action NOW↣ Why your journey makes you more than qualified to show up and TEACH those that need you↣ How to start listening to what you are called to, and use it to serve and provide value in this world↣ Why everyone should have more than one stream of income and how to start it even if you’re in the 9-5 right now\xa0Register for my FREE three-day challenge, Step Up To Sell Out: https://www.strongbabe.co/stepup\xa0\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Tools click HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling: https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes! xxx | Register for my FREE three day Livestream training, Step Up To Sell Out: https://www.strongbabe.co/stepup\xa0\xa0Check out my six-week course, Next Level Launch: https://strongbabe.co/nextlevellaunch\xa0One of the biggest things I see holding babes back from stepping into their power and calling in the impact and abundance they are here for as online coaches, mentors and entrepreneurs, is comparing to others.\xa0Comparisonitis - it can strike when you least expect it, and in this episode, we are talking all about how to move through it, how to stay in your lane and how to stay focused on where you are going and what you are calling in, so that you can get there fast.\xa0Here’s what’s in this episode:\xa0↣ How to reframe comparisonitis so you can beat it forever↣ How to stop comparing to other people↣ The importance of staying in your own lane and how to do it in this social media age↣ Why comparing only slows you down in business and what to do instead\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Tools click HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling : https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes! xxx | Pre-sale enrolment is almost closed for Next Level Launch: www.strongbabe.co/nextlevellaunchShowing up authentically not only is crucial for your business, but is necessary for you to thrive. We aren\'t here to be people we are not. For our own inner peace and fulfilment stems from what we choose to put out there. Can you expect someone to relate to the real you if you are just faking it? Do you want to spend your precious time with people who aren\'t aligned with you, or worse don\'t respect you? Listen in to hear what I have to to say about showing up authentically you, to call i those soulmate clients.In this episode we talk about:↣ My experience with aunthenticity↣ Confidence in showing up for yourself↣ Key ways to call in soulmate clients↣ My ideas on how to deal with alignment with clients\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Facebook click HERE♡ To subscribe to Taylor’s YouTube Channel click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Manifesting Tools click HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling : https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes!\xa0 | Pre-sale enrolment is open for Next Level Launch:\xa0www.strongbabe.co/nextlevellaunchIn this episode I am talking to Larissa Macleman, Business and Marketing strategist and founder of the Salon Owners Collective. We explore fear, overwhelm, business and business struggles and how we can overcome these hurdles. Larissa asks questions about my personal journey, so I feel this is a great episdode to hear a little more about me and how I ended up where I am as well as how I approach tasking situations.\xa0In this episode we talk about:↣ How to transform your life for the better↣ Why you should grow, for yourself↣ Be ‘full’, not ‘busy’↣ How to move through fear↣ Why you should celebrate failure↣ Ways to express gratitude\xa0Credit to:Larissa MaclemanSalon Owners Collective@salonownerscollectivehttps://salonownerscollective.com/https://www.facebook.com/salonownerscollective\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click\xa0HERE♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Facebook click\xa0HERE♡ To subscribe to Taylor’s YouTube Channel click\xa0HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Manifesting Tools click\xa0HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click\xa0HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click\xa0HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click\xa0HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling :\xa0https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes!\xa0 | Pre-sale enrolment is open for Next Level Launch: www.strongbabe.co/nextlevellaunchTime Management is one of the biggest things when it comes to productivity in your business. When starting a business, it can be easy to get lost in your to-do list and not know how to prioritise tasks in your business or manage your time well in order to take massive action and show up in the ways you are needed. I love time management hacks and ways to become more productive and I break down five of my favourite things that I do, inside of this episode with you.In this episode we talk about:↣ Five of my favourite productivity hacks↣ How to have better time management in your life and business↣ How to prioritise your tasks and your to-do list↣ Planning strategies that help you take more aligned action in your business↣ How I time track my day and the tools I use\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Facebook click HERE♡ To subscribe to Taylor’s YouTube Channel click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Manifesting Tools click HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling : https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes!\xa0 | JOIN THE WAITLIST FOR NEXT LEVEL LAUNCH + GET $200 OFF THE ENROLMENT FEE: www.strongbabe.co/launchwaitlist\xa0\xa0Inside this episode I am sitting down with Katie DePaola. Katie is an entrepreneur, author and the founder of Inner Glow Circle, an accredited training and certification company for women coaches, leaders and entrepreneurs. Right after starting IGC, Katie lost her brother to an accidental overdose. She is also a Lyme Disease survivor, and she built her business from her bathtub, growing the company from self-funded startup to million dollar business. Katie has turned her greatest challenges into her greatest opportunities and says her business is what saved her life.\xa0Her story is so inspirational and the tangible takeaways she shares inside of this episode are priceless for all female entrepreneurs or babes looking to make the most out of their life and rise to the top in the face of massive adversity.\xa0Inside this episode we talk about:\xa0↣ How Katie dealt with massive grief and moved through it to have massive success in her life and business↣ How Katie knew she had a bigger purpose than her corporate career and how she trusted the call to step into it even when it felt scary↣ Katie’s take on having a job while starting a business and how to use it to your advantage↣ Why Katie says you need to be your own biggest investor when starting your business↣ Katie’s process for creating a better relationship with time that you can start applying right away↣ Katie’s processes for starting a team and outsourcing in your business to grow your impact\xa0CONNECT WITH KATIE:\xa0Instagram: @innerglowcircle and @itskatiedepaolaFacebook: facebook.com/katiedepaolaTake her “Find Your Purpose” Quiz: innerglowcircle.com/purpose♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Facebook click HERE♡ To subscribe to Taylor’s YouTube Channel click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Manifesting Tools clickHERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling : https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes!\xa0 | If you have been wondering “what should I do with my life?” or "what is my purpose?" then these three tips will help get clear on your purpose and what to do with your life. My advice for female entrepreneurs wanting to figure out your purpose is outlined in this podcast episode, and highlights the exact process to figure out what to do with your life and to help you find your life purpose. These are steps I took to figure out why I am here and what my purpose is and they have helped many of my clients to do the same, so I know it will help you get clear on your soul purpose too!\xa0In this episode we talk about:↣ My three tips for figuring out your purpose↣ How to get clarity around your WHY↣ Why you need to give yourself permission to dream big↣ The importance of being specific when figuring out what your dream life looks like↣ How to take action before you feel ready and the importance of taking the first step\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Facebook click HERE♡ To subscribe to Taylor’s YouTube Channel click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Manifesting Tools click HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling : https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes!\xa0 | Use code ABUNDANCEBABY to enrol in my five part manifestation course ‘Aligned & Abundant’ for only $47 and start your manifestation journey today!Enrol here: https://www.strongbabecollective.com/aligned-and-abundantInside of this episode we are diving deep into all the questions you may have had around intuition, raising your vibration, the importance of energy, manifestation, self care and so much more.If you’ve ever found yourself really wanting to understand how manifestation works, or what you can do to connect with your higher self, or what it takes to really push out of your comfort zone and into your full potential, this is the episode for you.This is taken from my interview over on The No Sugar Coating Podcast, which you can also check out by clicking here.\xa0In this episode we talk about:↣ What it means to raise your vibration and how to do it↣ The importance of getting out of your comfort zone and pushing past fear↣ Why you need a self care ritual and how to start prioritising it↣ How to start listening to your intuition↣ The importance of loving yourself and prioritising your relationship with you\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Facebook click HERE♡ To subscribe to Taylor’s YouTube Channel click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Manifesting Tools click HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling : https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes!\xa0\xa0 | In this episode I am sitting down with Relationship Coach and Host of the Rise In Love Podcast, Crystal Irom.\xa0Crystal is one of the top relationship coaches and experts in the world. She helps single women create happy, healthy, and loving relationships through manifesting and intentional dating.Her signature approach is based on years of studying men, relationships, manifesting, and dating. She applied everything she learned to go from single to happily married to the love of her life within 10 months.\xa0Inside this episode we are talking all about:↣\xa0 Crystal’s approach to dating and relationships and how she went from “absolutely single” to married in just 10 months↣\xa0 What your ‘love blueprint’ is and how it is formed↣\xa0 How to fit dating into a busy schedule and make it work for you↣\xa0 The importance of going internal first, before looking for your soulmate↣\xa0 What it means to ‘Date Like A Duchess’ and why you should too↣\xa0 The one crucial thing you MUST do when manifesting love, that most people are missing\xa0Connect with Crystal on social + get her free resources: http://crystalirom.com/strongbabecollective\xa0♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Instagram click HERE♡ To connect with Taylor Rae on Facebook click HERE♡ To subscribe to Taylor’s YouTube Channel click HERE♡ To find out more about Coaching, Courses + Free Manifesting Tools click HERE♡ To join our free Facebook Group: The Strong Babe Collective Movement click HERE♡ To apply for coaching with Taylor click HERE♡ To subscribe to the Strong Babe Mailing List click HERE\xa0Music by Ehrling : https://soundcloud.com/ehrling\xa0\xa0Appreciate and love you so much babe! Thank you for taking the time to listen! If you enjoyed the episode, please let me know by leaving a review on iTunes! xxx', 'chan_desc': "Learn how to step into your power, shine your light, and manifest the freedom, impact and abundance you know you are so worthy of. It's time to call in your biggest desires babe, and the Strong Babe Collective Podcast is here to help you do it with ease. If you're ready to connect with the Universe, harness the power of your intuition and step into your higher self to manifest everything you've ever desired - you're in the right place.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/c1/c6/01/c1c601e7-5c9f-30f6-10b8-435f5a428a47/mza_2210363408286744611.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-06-05'}}

{'NEXT LEVEL OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY': {'title': 'NEXT LEVEL OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/NEXT-LEVEL-OCCUPATIONAL-THERAPY-id2270226', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Kara Welke', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 0, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://anchor.fm/nextlevelot'], 'ep_total': 7, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-27', '00:44:45', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:36:23', 0], ['2019-08-24', '00:25:13', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:23:45', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:24:06', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:27:19', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:37:50', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Kara Welke, OTD, OTR/L, CLT creator of the Next Level Occupational Therapy platform interviews entrepreneur Mandy Chamberlain MOTR/L. \xa0Mandy is an occupational therapist with a passion for working with the older adult population and the founder of SeniorsFlourish.com and the membership site, The Learning Lab. Both are dedicated to helping other geriatric OT's be the best they can be through education, resources, tips and videos. \xa0Her varied clinical background includes working with geriatrics through long term care, home health services, home modification consultation, assisted living, inpatient critical access and outpatient therapy services. \xa0When she is not busy working as an independent contractor, consulting and running a website, she is enjoying the life in the mountains of Colorado with 3 energetic kids and an inspiring husband, all while sipping coffee and planning their next family travel adventure.Check out Mandy's website and membership site here: \xa0https://seniorsflourish.com/Check out our website: https://www.nextlevelot.com/homeBecome an OT Visionary! \xa0https://www.nextlevelot.com/nextlevelotvisionaries | Kara Welke, OTD, OTR/L, CLT creator of the Next Level Occupational Therapy platform interviews entrepreneurs Sara Lane and Joanna Jacobs, both certified occupational therapy assistants. \xa0Sara has over 16 years of experience analyzing movement in various settings. \xa0Her background over the past 8 years has been as a COTA/L which has given her a holistic lens in which she looks at health and wellness. \xa0She is a NSCA Certified Personal Trainer with a BS in Physical Education and a 200 hour Yoga Instructor. She started her company Sens8tional Movement to teach yoga to children and personal training to individuals who are looking for more than just a workout. \xa0Joanna is the owner/director of OT & Me, LLC. She is a COTA/L and has been practicing for 11 years. \xa0\xa0OT & Me, LLC is a home and community based pediatric practice. \xa0They provide OT evaluations, treatment, and consultation services via a traditional OT model. They also provide advocacy and special needs family coaching through a non traditional OT lens.Join our membership group where we are helping each other geat to the NEXT LEVEL!\xa0https://nextlevelot.mykajabi.com/next-level-ot-membership-group | Kara Welke, OTD, OTR/L, CLT creator of the Next Level Occupational Therapy platform interviews Entrepreneur Lisa Haverly, MA/OT \xa0Occupational Therapist & Owner of Rainbow Tree Therapies, LLC \xa0Lisa has worked as an Occupational Therapist in the school setting since 1998. \xa0She has a Master’s Degree in OT from the College of St. Catherine, in St. Paul, MN and a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Psychology from Augustana University in Sioux Falls, SD. \xa0Lisa’s passion is working with children and supporting them in their development. Though Lisa has continued to serve children in the school setting, in 2013 Lisa launched her first summer of therapeutic camps for children with and without learning needs. \xa0\xa0Her current dream and business, Rainbow Tree Therapies, LLC in Wisconsin came to fruition. \xa0\xa0Lisa recently celebrated her 7th summer of camps. \xa0Lisa’s passion for kids evolved from supporting children in school to having a strong desire to reconnect children with natural spaces and to bring back a focus on play as fundamental requirement for development. \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Nature and the outdoors is the perfect stress-free environment where kids can be encouraged to not only discover the wonder of nature but develop lifelong skills. \xa0Lisa is grateful for the children she continues to learn from. \xa0She is honored to support them in their development and recognize them as a gift to the world. \xa0She looks forward to seeing what the future holds for Rainbow Tree as it seeks to expand services and supports for children and families! | Kara Welke, OTD, OTR/L, CLT creator of the Next Level Occupational Therapy platform interviews Entrepreneur Alicia Kollmar, MS, OTR/L. \xa0Alicia \xa0has been an occupational therapist since 2000. Throughout her career she has worked in a variety of areas including schools, skilled nursing, home health and acute care. She unexpectedly fell in love with pediatric work and has been primarily doing that since 2003. She started contracting to schools in 2010 and opened up her cash-based pediatric private practice in 2015 to fulfill her goal to provide therapy without the constraints and restrictions imposed by insurance companies and schools. The cash-based model allows her to have more time to communicate with parents and other caregivers so they can work collaboratively to support children. She has 3 part-time employees that include an OT assistant, office manager, and OT aide. | It is crazy how one unplanned meeting can change the course of your life! \xa0Even crazier how one conference can give you the energy and motivation you need to get to the NEXT LEVEL and start helping other OT professionals do the same thing. \xa0The Next Level Occupational Therapy platform has come a long way in a short amount of time. \xa0We are on a mission to help as many OT professionals start a business or level up their current one as possible! \xa0Come along for the ride!! \xa0 | Kara Welke, OTD, creator of the Next Level Occupational Therapy platform interviews Entrepreneur Erin Grujic, OT, owner of the Sensational Path Mobile Sensory Clinic \xa0\xa0Erin has been an occupational therapist for 18 years, and has always had a passion for working with children. She lives in Southern Alberta. Erin started a mobile sensory clinic \xa0so she could provide services to clients at their home without the inconvenience of being in their home. Having a mobile sensory clinic allows her to have all of her equipment with her so she can effectively help her clients. \xa0Erin's website: \xa0https://www.sensationalpath.com/\xa0 | \xa0Kara Welke, OTD, OTR/L, CLT creator of the Next Level Occupational Therapy platform interviews Entrepreneur Laura Park Figueroa, MS, OTR/L. \xa0Laura Park Figueroa talks about her current business Outdoor Kids Occupational Therapy and provides tips for other therapists planning to start their own business. Laura also has a podcast to check out called Mind your OT business.\xa0", 'chan_desc': 'Next Level Occupational Therapy is on a mission to help as many OT professionals as possible start their own business and/or to LEVEL UP their current practice.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/66/bb/4e/66bb4e4a-dfc8-3d13-4fb0-a7d1c9a5c4bd/mza_1508381423834398397.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-12'}}

{'The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast: The Positive Psychology and Science Behind Coaching': {'title': 'The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast: The Positive Psychology and Science Behind Coaching', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Catalyst-Life-Coaching-Podcast%3A-The-Positive-Psychology-and-Science-Behind-Coaching-id1344012', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'JRNI Coaching', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 301, 'play_count': 4104, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://lifecoach.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 80, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:22:19', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:20:44', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:20:12', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:23:05', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:23:00', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:21:23', 0], ['2019-08-23', '00:20:12', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:18:47', 0], ['2019-08-09', '00:21:29', 0], ['2019-08-02', '00:19:07', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "John Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discussing the value of doing things that scare you!The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discussing how discovering your strengths can change your career prospects.The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | Live Q&A and Training with John and Noelle on September 24th, 2019. Discover the truth behind making a career change into coaching, the many ways to be a coach and the 4.2 Trillion dollar wellness industry-- Sign up now:\xa0jrni.co/careerJohn Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discuss the impact of stress and burnout!The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | Live Q&A and Training with John and Noelle on September 24th, 2019. Discover the truth behind making a career change into coaching, the many ways to be a coach and the 4.2 Trillion dollar wellness industry-- Sign up now:\xa0jrni.co/careerJohn Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discuss how to use coaching techniques in the workplaceThe Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | Live Q&A and Training with John and Noelle on September 24th, 2019. Discover the truth behind making a career change into coaching, the many ways to be a coach and the 4.2 Trillion dollar wellness industry-- Sign up now:\xa0jrni.co/careerJohn Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI Coaching) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discussing the signs you're ready to change careers.The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI Coaching\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.\xa0 | Live Q&A and Training with John and Noelle on September 24th, 2019. Discover the truth behind making a career change into coaching, the many ways to be a coach and the 4.2 Trillion dollar wellness industry-- Sign up now:\xa0jrni.co/careerJohn Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discuss what to do with difficult chapters that you'd rather rip out.The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | Live Q&A and Training with John and Noelle on September 24th, 2019. Discover the truth behind making a career change into coaching, the many ways to be a coach and the 4.2 Trillion dollar wellness industry-- Sign up now: jrni.co/careerJohn Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discussing empathy and how your story affects others, as a coach.The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discussing why it matters to share your story as a coach and how it can change the lives of others.The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discussing how to share your story as a coach!The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI) are teaming up to tackle the big world of positive psychology, meaning and life coaching.This\xa0episode features John and Noelle discussing how to cope with feelings, especially ones that affect your coaching.The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is brought to you by the Catalyst Coaching Intensive and\xa0JRNI\xa0-- The Life Coaching Company by coaches, for coaches.\xa0Become a life coach, and make a bigger impact on the world around you!Music in this episode is by Keshco, used under a creative commons license. The Catalyst Life Coaching Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.", 'chan_desc': 'Expand your knowledge on all things life coaching with John Kim (The Angry Therapist) and Noelle Cordeaux (CEO of JRNI). The pair have thousands of sessions between them and expertise in the emerging field of life coaching and positive psychology.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/58/f9/a2/58f9a214-d28b-a9d8-0658-93c7d4c472dc/mza_6237596979337965984.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-04-24'}}

{'Can I Pick Your Brain? Entrepreneur Business Podcast': {'title': 'Can I Pick Your Brain? Entrepreneur Business Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Can-I-Pick-Your-Brain%3F-Entrepreneur-Business-Podcast-id1304356', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Top rated Entrepreneur Interviews to give you the motivation and inspiration to start and grow your lifestyle business', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1354, 'play_count': 6466, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.danielgefen.com/category/can-i-pick-your-brain/'], 'ep_total': 163, 'recent_eps': [['2019-08-09', '01:05:17', 1], ['2019-07-24', '00:40:58', 0], ['2019-07-12', '00:52:20', 0], ['2019-06-28', '00:26:48', 1], ['2019-05-23', '00:41:27', 1], ['2019-05-17', '01:07:33', 0], ['2019-05-08', '00:56:17', 0], ['2019-05-06', '00:42:19', 0], ['2019-04-11', '01:13:54', 3], ['2019-03-18', '00:51:50', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'I have the worst memory of anyone I know and today I am interviewing the US memory champion who claims he can help anyone (even me)\xa0 rapidly improve their ability to remember anything.\xa0Well I put him to the challenge and I can’t wait for you to take the challenge too.\xa0The post 162: How to Master Your Memory with US Memory Champion Chester Santos appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | I wasn’t going to publish this episode because I had some very mixed feelings about it.\xa0In the end I went with my gut and decided to release it and let you decide what you think about it.\xa0The post 161: Jaw-Dropping Interview with Robert Kiyosaki appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | How frustrating is it when you set yourself tasks to do for the day but find yourself constantly being distracted? Social media notifications, Scrolling through Facebook, Checking email obsessively, Binging on Netflix?\xa0 Well, my guest today has written the book that will help you gain back control of your attention and ultimately choose the way…The post 160: How to Get Unhooked and Become Indistractable with Nir Eyal appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | Hey fellow brainpickers and welcome to episode 159 of Can I pick your brain?\xa0 There’s a good chance you have watched one of today’s guests videos on YouTube. Evan Carmichael has almost 280 million views\xa0 and 1.9 million subscribers to his youtube channel If you’re looking for snack-sized motivation from people like Warren Buffet, Elon…The post 159: How to Grow a Massive Following by Showcasing Others with Evan Carmichael appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | Driven to find better ways to grow healthy, strong companies. Mike Michalowicz created the “Profit First Formula”, a way for businesses to ensure profitability from their very next deposit forward.The post 158: Why You Should ALWAYS Pay Yourself First with Mike Michalowicz appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | If someone told you they can help you double your lifespan how fast would you run the other direction? Well, before you go let me humor you.The post 157: How to Sell Something that Seems Too Good to be True with Chris Burres appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | Are you pro or against Cannabis? My guest today is a world-renowned physicist who believes that everyone should be consuming Cannabis... daily.Klee Irwin is the founder of Irwin Naturals, an award winning natural supplement company with products in over 90,000 retailers across the globe.The post 156: Cannabis The Misunderstood Miracle Molecule with Klee Irwin appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | Andres Pira went from a trouble making high school dropout and homeless beach bum to Billionaire founder of 20+ companies.His secret \xa0is so simple it almost sounds too good to be true. But sometimes the most simple things in life produce the greatest results.The post 155: From Homeless to Billionaire with Andres Pira appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | James Schramko has made over 10 million dollars online with a team of just 6 people.The best part? He spends 4 days of the week surfing and hanging out with his wife and 5 children.How? By outsourcing, optimizing and automating EVERYTHING.The post 154: How to Outsource, Optimize and Automate Your Way To Wealth with James Schramko appeared first on Daniel Gefen. | Can you guess how much $$$ Eran Zinman spent to buy the domain Monday .com?The post 153:  The Insane Growth of Monday.com with Eran Zinman appeared first on Daniel Gefen.', 'chan_desc': "Learn how you can gain the Unwavering Attitude and Time Tested Tools you need to BUILD a SUCCESSFUL LIFESTYLE BUSINESS that can get you the FINANCIAL FREEDOM you deserve! In this business podcast I pick the brains of successful entrepreneurs to find out what they did to get to where they are today.•\tWhat MOTIVATION did they get to start their lifestyle business?•\tHow they dealt with things like PERFECTIONISM, PROCRASTINATION, FEAR, PRESSURE, LONELINESS and other negative mindsets?•\tWhat were some of their TOUGHEST MOMENTS in getting their financial freedom?•\tWhat were their BUSINESS SUCCESS BREAKTHROUGHS,  defining moments & tipping points?•\tWhat DRIVES them? Where do they get their INSPIRATION from? What makes them tick? What gets them out of bed in the morning? •\tWhat are some of the BEST BUSINESS TOOLS and  they have used to help them along the way?My name is Daniel Gefen and i'm the host of 'Can I Pick Your Brain?' the top rated business entrepreneur podcast show that is jam packed with motivation, inspiration and practical business advice for startups and growing online  businesses. If you enjoy other inspiring podcast interviews with top entrepreneurial hosts like Pat Flynn, Tim Ferris, John Lee Dumas, Nathan Latka, Seth Godin, Gary Vaynerchuk and other success stories then this is the podcast show for you. Some topics we cover: Social Media Marketing, Facebook Marketing, Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram, Webinars, Growing your Email Lists, SEO, Adwords, PPC, Startups, Finding Investors, Time Management, Productivity hacks, Mindfulness, Success Stories, Making Money Online, Mentors, Content Creation, Starting a business, Business Advice and much more!I’m super excited and look forward to ‘picking YOUR brain’ one day :) ", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/15/b3/04/15b30429-b492-d7d1-124b-c8724017ec52/mza_2609268933465096752.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-01-19'}}

{'Weddings for Real': {'title': 'Weddings for Real', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Weddings-for-Real-id1365510', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Megan Gillikin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 57, 'play_count': 1324, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.weddingsforreal.com/'], 'ep_total': 97, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:46:23', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:47:10', 1], ['2019-09-18', '00:31:46', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:45:56', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:52:46', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:50:44', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:48:15', 0], ['2019-08-14', '01:03:22', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:48:22', 0], ['2019-07-30', '01:00:21', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Amanda Writesman is screaming from the rooftop that - if you\'re a wedding vendor - you need to get your Pinterest game back on point!\xa0 Will you listen to her?\xa0 If you want an easy way to put content out there that you already have, with the purpose of driving couples to your website, in a place where your competitors are slacking, you\'ll want to tune in! Also, at the end of the episode, Amanda mentions a place for Weddings for Real listeners to go for Pinterest resources, and that at\xa0https://www.curatedmarketingsociety.com/weddingsforreal. Also, in the intro of this episode, you heard a message from Wedding Business Bosses about the live show, which you can find at\xa0http://www.weddingbusinessbosses.com/wbb-live/.\xa0 WBB Live is for wedding industry entrepreneurs\xa0who are looking for an in-person workshop experience to help them grow themselves AND their business. It’s from January 19-22, 2020 in Birmingham, Alabama at the historic Tutwiler Hotel.\xa0 It has 3 components: presentations from educators, masterminding with fellow attendees and an entire day dedicated\xa0to creating an action plan for your business based on what you have learned at the conference for 2020 & beyond.\xa0 Come learn from Laura Foote, Lauren Carnes, CeCe Todd of CeCe Designs, Kristin Kaplan and many more! Early bird registration ends October 14th so grab your ticket now at WeddingBusinessBosses.com. \xa0 About Amanda Writesman:  Amanda \xa0is the Editor and Creative Director for The Bridal Theory. \xa0She also owns Bel Momento Photography, a\xa0Memphis based wedding photography studio available worldwide. \xa0Amanda’s passion for helping both engaged couples and wedding vendors lead to the creation of The Bridal Theory, a publication with the goal of celebrating the beauty and joy surrounding weddings. Amanda also runs\xa0CuratedMarketingSociety.com.  Amanda Writesman on Social Media: Pinterest!: @TheBridalTheory Instagram: @TheBridalTheory Facebook: @TheBridalTheory \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | Artem Lomaz is DJ Times\' Entertainer of the Year two years in a row, in 2018 and 2019!\xa0 Today he talks about what he does to go the extra mile for his clients, from sentimental cards, to trying (and still trying!) to get Lil Jon to send a message to one of his clients.\xa0 Artem gives some great advice and tips in this episode so that we don\'t just do the bare minimum - and instead, we truly make it memorable! On the show, Artem mentions Lil Jon schools in Ghana, which you can see at\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrRiWry8Djg     And the organization, Pencils of Promise, is at\xa0https://pencilsofpromise.org/donate/     About Artem Lomaz:  Artem Lomaz is a multi-award winning event entertainer, public speaker, and entrepreneur. Known for his extreme attention to detail, personalized methodology, and refined performance style, Artem continues to personally cultivate his top-tier event entertainment entity, NinetyThree Entertainment, while in high demand with event planners and selective clientage.\xa0  Artem Lomaz on Social Media: Instagram: @ninetythreeentertainment Vimeo: @93entnj \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Support this show by supporting our sponsor, HelloFresh!\xa0 Get $80 off your first month of HelloFresh (!) by going to HelloFresh.com/WeddingsForReal80\xa0- with code "WeddingsForReal80" - and start enjoying some of their 5-star recipes!\xa0 Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | Engagement season is right around the corner, and you don\'t want a website that repels your ideal client right? On this episode, Megan and Jason Gillikin give 3 easy tips to audit your website so you can book more clients!\xa0\xa0 \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | Valerie Gernhauser runs two wedding planning companies - Sapphire Events and Ruby and Pearl Events\xa0- in the same market (New Orleans). Why did she decide to do that? She wanted to diversify her business to reach different clientele at different price points. But why not just offer different packages?\xa0 Valerie explains her strategy behind separating the brands and how it\'s worked for her so far!  About Valerie Gernhauser: Valerie is\xa0a recovering attorney, Yale grad, pug lover, Springsteen fanatic, and Florida native. She has\xa0shared her knowledge on national platforms such as the\xa0Engage! Luxury Wedding Business Summit,\xa0Trouvaille Workshop,\xa0Cultivate Retreat,\xa0Bliss and Bespoke, and honored to present as a keynote speaker at SEPA, ILEA, NACE, and WIPA events across the country.\xa0  Sapphire Events on Social Media: Facebook: @sapphireeventsnola Instagram: @sapphireevents \xa0 Ruby and Pearl on Social Media: Facebook: @rubyandpearlevents Instagram: @rubyandpearlevents \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | Wedding photographer Rachel May talks to Megan about motherhood, and they come up with the definitive guide to how to be an amazing mother, be ever-present with your kids, run your business well, be always put-together, give your kids the right amount of screen time and social media, and never feel guilt about anything.\xa0 With a combined six kids, Megan and Rachel know exactly what needs to be done! (Hopefully you read this in extreme sarcasm mode.)\xa0 About Rachel May:  Rachel fell in love with photography after her first daughter, Kylie, was born. Her husband Justin was deployed overseas, so she wanted to document every little thing. She chased after those once-in-a-lifetime moments knowing how much they would mean. Today, she carries that same passion with her, chasing after the once-in-a-lifetime moments her clients will treasure.\xa0  Rachel May on Social Media: Facebook: @raymayphoto Instagram: @rachelmayphoto \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | Kevin Dennis has been in the wedding industry for 30 years (!!) as the owner of Fantasy Sound\xa0Event Services\xa0near San Francisco and the Napa Valley. He\'s also the international president of WIPA, the Wedding International Professionals Association. He\'s also involved in NACE and many other network associations.\xa0 So needless to say, he knows his networking. Today, he shares how to use that networking (and other strategies) to get on preferred vendor lists! Support this show by supporting our sponsor, HelloFresh!\xa0 Get $80 off your first month of HelloFresh (!) by going to HelloFresh.com/WeddingsForReal80\xa0- with code "WeddingsForReal80" - and start enjoying some of their 5-star recipes!\xa0 \xa0 About Kevin Dennis:  As an event industry veteran and owner of Fantasy Sound Event Services, Kevin takes pride in his leadership of and involvement in industry associations. He is a past chapter president of the Silicon Valley NACE as well as the national president for WIPA. Recognizing a need for networking in his own region, Kevin founded the Tri Valley Wedding Professionals in 2010 and the association has now grown to a membership of nearly 700 pros. A respected thought leader and national speaker, Kevin was recently ranked as one of the top 3 speakers at NACE Experience. He is an ongoing contributor to Catersource and SpecialEvents.com and has been featured in BRIDES, Martha Stewart Weddings and the Travel Channel, among others. He recently received the Certified Professional in Catering and Events (CPCE) designation from NACE.  Kevin Dennis on Social Media: Facebook: @fantasysound twitter: @fantasysound Instagram: @FSEevents \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | Imposter Syndrome:\xa0a psychological pattern in which an individual doubts their accomplishments and has a persistent internalized fear of being exposed as a "fraud".\xa0 Sometimes as creatives, we experience this, and it can be crippling to our success and our mental state. So what do we do?\xa0 Megan talked to Nikki Whitt Belch from Fancy This Photography, and they share their struggles as well as some strategies for coping with it. We\'d love your feedback on our social media platforms. Let us know if YOU\'VE ever dealt with imposter syndrome - and what have you done about it? Support our Sponsors! 1) Visit MyPinkPartyBox.com for Vendor Gifts and Hotel Welcome Boxes! 2) The Carolina Wedding Market is an new outdoor wedding-planning show that you’ll love attending. With local beer, artisans, food trucks, and a beautiful outdoor-industrial setting this show is not your usual wedding show. Think art market meets dance party meets pig-picking! The Carolina Wedding Market will take place on September 8th, 2019 just south of Raleigh. Visit their website for details, TheCarolinaWeddingMarket.com. \xa0 \xa0 Fancy This Photography on Social Media: Instagram: @nikki_fancythis \xa0\xa0 \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | Sam Jacobson, founder of Ideaction Consulting, has found that there are 4 types of buyers in the wedding market - The Relator, the Analyzer, the Boss, and the Dreamer.\xa0 And today, Sam gives some ways to identify what each of your clients are, how to sell them, how to work best with them, and how you need to change your sales strategy if you want to maximize the opportunities for clients to work with.\xa0 \xa0 About Sam Jacobson: Sam is a business consultant, coach, and mentor for wedding pros across the country, whether they’re solopreneurs who are trying to level up, or established veterans who are trying to figure out how to not work quite so much. Prior to starting Ideaction in 2016, Sam was the director of operations for Todd Events out of Texas, and before that the lodging director and sales manager at a resort venue in Washington State, where he discovered the concept of the 4 Buying Types. \xa0 Ideaction on Social Media: Instagram: @IdeactionConsulting Facebook: @SellWeddingsLikeAPro \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | When Cavin Elizabeth moved to the San Diego market, she was wondering if making educational videos and sharing them on YouTube would be a way to attract clients and grow her business.\xa0 After 140 videos and over 1,700 subscribers, YouTube has been a resounding success. But why aren\'t most of us taking advantage of video marketing? We talk all about it in this week\'s episode! Support this show by supporting our sponsor, HelloFresh!\xa0 Get $80 off your first month of HelloFresh (!) by going to HelloFresh.com/WeddingsForReal80 and start enjoying some of their 5-star recipes! \xa0 Announcement as heard on the show: We are beyond excited for our first LIVE recording on August 21st in Raleigh at The Laurelbrook\xa0from 10am-12pm! Our topic will be “How to Stay Committed to Boundaries”, and we invite you to submit a story about when a client might have gone a liiiiitttttle bit past the boundaries on respect, budget, contract, comfort zone, or anything else really. Feel free to email your story to podcast@weddingsforreal.com, and if we use it in the live show (anonymously, no names!) we’ll send you a little thank you gift!  Tickets are available here and include fresh coffee, delicious donuts, some guaranteed laughter and camaraderie.\xa0 Hope to see you there! About Cavin Elizabeth:  As a photographer who fully believes in the value of client education, Cavin published a book that teaches brides how to make the most out of their wedding photography and have magazine worthy images entitled\xa0A Bride’s Guide to a Picture Perfect Wedding. Her passion for helping clients make the most out of their photos has often been described as one of their favorite things about working with her. Cavin lives\xa0in San Diego with her husband David, founder of Aventrix, and their two cats, Boots and Kudzu.  \xa0 Cavin Elizabeth on Social Media: Instagram: @cavinelizabeth YouTube: @cavinelizabeth \xa0 \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence. | At the Engage Luxury Wedding Summit in June, therapist and entrepreneurial coach Andy Maurer gave the most impactful and self-reflective speech at a breakout session - "Toxic Stress and How It\'s Killing Your Business". Many people left that session crying. I told as many people I could about it but could never do the speech justice. So I had to have Andy back on the show today to share his breakout session, what toxic stress is and where it comes from, and some tips on how to alleviate it.\xa0 If you have stress in your life - hello wedding industry! - you won\'t want to miss this one! Announcements as heard on the show: 1)\xa0Come join me and some of the top wedding vendors in the Triangle\xa0THIS SUNDAY, Aug 4th from 4-6pm at the Barn of Chapel Hill Open House! It is planned by our good friends and podcast supporters over at Harmony Weddings and Events. Tour one of our very favorite venues, sample food, drinks and cake and meet wedding vendors of all kinds. Tickets are FREE. See you there! 2)\xa0We are beyond excited for our first LIVE recording on August 21st in Raleigh at The Laurelbrook\xa0from 10am-12pm! Our topic will be “How to Stay Committed to Boundaries”, and we invite you to submit a story about when a client might have gone a liiiiitttttle bit past the boundaries on respect, budget, contract, comfort zone, or anything else really. Feel free to email your story to podcast@weddingsforreal.com, and if we use it in the live show (anonymously, no names!) we’ll send you a little thank you gift!  Tickets are available here and include fresh coffee, delicious donuts, some guaranteed laughter and camaraderie.\xa0 Hope to see you there! About Andy Maurer: As a speaker and licensed therapist, Andy works with high performance leaders, including CEO’s,\xa0founders, entrepreneurs, professional athletes, and TV personalities, educating and equipping them\xa0on the issue of toxic stress and trauma and its impact on their work and relationships. He uses\xa0mindfulness and experiential based exercises to help leaders build awareness, develop meaningful\xa0relationships, and create a purposeful and successful life. \xa0 Andy Maurer on Social Media: Instagram: @andymaurer_ LinkedIn: @andymaurer \xa0 Weddings for Real on Social Media: Instagram: @weddingsforreal Facebook: @weddingsforreal twitter: @weddingsforreal Music for this episode by https://www.bensound.com. The host of the show is Megan Gillikin, owner and lead consultant at A Southern Soiree Wedding and Event Planning.\xa0 She\'s also available for wedding and hospitality business consulting and can be reached at megan@weddingsforreal.com. Weddings for Real is edited and produced by Jason Gillikin for Earfluence.', 'chan_desc': "Real wedding vendors share their tips and tricks for surviving and thriving in this one of a kind industry. Hosted by Megan Gillikin of A Southern Soiree Wedding Planning, you'll hear guests share their secrets on marketing, the client experience, networking, community, sales, and more - and you might even hear some crazy wedding stories along the way!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/b2/c4/18/b2c4188d-1179-3bbc-6e30-c993f300e3ee/mza_1459474890227737415.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-03-27'}}

{'Trailblazers.FM': {'title': 'Trailblazers.FM', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Trailblazers.FM-id377323', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Stephen A. Hart', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 159, 'play_count': 2960, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.tbpod.com'], 'ep_total': 192, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:39:17', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:33:17', 1], ['2019-09-16', '00:38:40', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:24:46', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:37:40', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:37:06', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:30:53', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:43:03', 1], ['2019-08-05', '00:45:56', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:30:00', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "The Black Male Equity Initiative is an interactive exploration of what wealth and equity look like and how you can build it. The intent of the Black Male Equity Program is to establish a foundation from which to build, grow, and expand the Legacy Wealth perspective of black men by measuring and monitoring four specific milestones and results of a black male cohort. Our episode this week is a panel discussion about the first cohort of the Black Male Equity Initiative that took place in Detroit, Michigan. Our featured guests today are Dr. Pamela Jolly, Christopher Rutherford and Richard Grundy. Dr. Pamela C.V. Jolly is Founder and CEO of Torch Enterprises Inc, a strategic investment firm committed to minority business growth and development. Torch Enterprises has assisted over 1000 entrepreneurs, national non-profits, trade organizations, the Federal Government, foundations and financial institutions. Christopher Rutherford is a Promise of Place Manager in Detroit, developing strategies with community based organizations to improve life outcomes for Black men and boys. Chris has dedicated over 30 years in Michigan, helping young people from all communities to access opportunity. Richard Grundy is the cofounder and CEO of JOURNi. JOURNi is a non-profit focused on decentralizing tech education for Detroiters. Through partnerships with workforce development agencies, schools, and other organizations, JOURNi has been able to train hundreds of youth in web-development and entrepreneurship skills vital to closing the digital divide in Detroit.\xa0 My ask today is that you’d help share this episode. If you're posting to social, please tag Trailblazers.FM. Our handle on twitter and instagram is @tbpod | Cities United works to support the network of Mayors who are concerned with the issue of keeping young Black men and boys and their families safe, healthy and hopeful. Cities United partners with these leaders in the quest to reduce the homicide of Black men and boys by 50% by the year 2025. Our featured guest today is Anthony Smith, CEO of Cities United. My ask today is that you’d help share this episode. If you're posting to social, please tag @tbpod and use the hashtag #TrailblazersFM | Being relational drives business. Your brand/business must be about more than just transactions in order for it to thrive. The beauty happens in between the transactions/deals. When you are relational, you step into the spaces between transactions, so to speak, and that step-in is what makes clients come back, makes them choose you, makes colleagues recommend you, and makes people want to work with you. Our featured guest today is A. Nicole Campbell. Nicole (Nic) is a mom first, and everything else falls into place because of it. She's an MIT graduate and an attorney who has served in senior leadership positions for two billionaire hedge fund giants.\xa0 Nic recently transitioned to a new role, having founded Build Up Advisory Group (February, 2019). Her firm specializes in designing and building systems to help nonprofits, philanthropies, social entrepreneurs, and philanthropists thrive. She's working to scale it to create the kind of workplace she's always wanted to work in. Build Up, Inc. is a boutique capacity builder that holistically supports leaders of color and projects and nonprofits led by people of color that serve under-resourced communities. Probably the first of its kind, and hopefully it can serve as a model for other fiscal sponsors. My ask today is that you’d help share this episode. If you're posting to social, please tag @tbpod and use the hashtag #TrailblazersFM | When Black males start to achieve, the mobility rates for our community will pick up exponentially. \xa0That is the opportunity for us, but it is also the risk, if we don’t. Our featured guest today is Jim Shelton. James “Jim” Shelton is Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Blue Meridian Partners. In this role, Jim is investigating new areas where significant focused capital can help solve problems at scale and advising Blue Meridian.\xa0Jim is also a founding partner of Amandla Enterprises, Senior Advisor for Education at the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative and non-resident fellow at the Brookings Institute. Prior to this, he served as President and Chief Impact Officer of 2U, Inc. and was deputy secretary at the US Department of Education (and head of its office of innovation and improvement) under President Obama. There, he served as the Executive Director of the President’s My Brother’s Keeper initiative and served on and led multiple interagency efforts focused on poverty reduction, economic development, entrepreneurship, and increased opportunity, such as the Investing in Innovation Fund, Promise Neighborhoods, and ConnectED. | Instead of helping children beat the odds, our work is about changing the odds for children. Our featured guest today is Tonya Allen. Tonya Allen, a serial “idea-preneur,” serves as The Skillman Foundation’s president & chief executive officer. Her two-decade-long career has centered on pursuing, executing and investing in ideas that improve her hometown of Detroit and increase opportunities for its people, especially children, who live in under-resourced communities. In her current role, Allen aligns the complexities of education reform, urban revitalization, and public policy to improve the well-being of Detroit’s and the nation’s children. My ask today is that you’d help share this episode. If you're posting to social, please tag @tbpod and use the hashtag #TrailblazersFM | The driver’s seat is mine. \xa0I claim it. \xa0I am\xa0responsible for my career. \xa0I am responsible for the outcomes. \xa0No one else. Our featured guest today is Simone Morris. Simone Morris is CEO of Simone Morris Enterprises LLC, a thought leader in diversity and inclusion, specializing in directing organizations to leverage inclusion as a core strategy for competitive advantage as well as providing coaching to empower women to get in the driver’s seat for their careers.\xa0 The firm is also a certified minority and women owned business. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Norwalk, CT. Ms. Morris has a background that includes over two decades in Corporate America spanning information technology, commercial strategy and human resources. She has been recognized for her exceptional leadership skills and holds an MBA from the University of Connecticut. She is a certified coach as well as a certified Project Management Professional (PMP). She is also an adjunct faculty member for the American Management Association. Her key strengths include strategy, leadership, training and project management. She is skilled in creating and delivering training for and to adult learners. She is a member of the Association for Talent Development. Simone’s thought leadership can be found on various platforms (Glassdoor, Leadercast, Smart-Recruiters, Social-hire, and BambooHR) and she is also the author of\xa0The Power of Owning Your Career: Winning Strategies, Tools and Tips for Creating Your Desired Career and Achievement Unlocked: Strategies to Set Goals and Manifest Them.  \xa0 CONNECT WITH SIMONE    Website: \xa0 \xa0 www.simonemorris.com   Twitter: \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0@simonemorrisent   LinkedIn: \xa0 \xa0 Simone Morrise Enterprises LLC   Instagram: \xa0\xa0@simonemorrisent   Facebook: \xa0 Simone Morris Enterprises | As leaders and those managing diverse talent, we should understand - How do we invest? How do we get the most out of our talent? How much of our talent are we willing to use? Our featured guest today is Minda Harts. Minda Harts is founder, speaker, adjunct professor, podcaster, seat creator and now an author. Minda is a California girl, who grew up in Chicago and today calls New York City home. In addition to her passion for helping women of color secure their seat at the table, she's also a lover of grits and rap lyrics. | Determine what makes you happy and find a way to make money doing that! Our featured guest today is\xa0Marvin Wilmoth. Marvin\xa0is Managing Principal and Co-founder of Generation Development Group, a boutique real estate development and consulting firm focused on providing housing solutions with the goal of creating transformational communities. Throughout the course of his career, he has been responsible for the financing, development and/or construction of over 1,800 units in multiple states and US territories with a total development cost of approximately $500 million dollars.\xa0 Marvin\xa0is also committed to civic service and was elected in November 2018 as the Vice Mayor and Harbor Island Commissioner for North Bay Village, Florida. Prior to being elected,\xa0Marvin\xa0served as Vice-Chair of the North Bay Village Planning and Zoning Board and Vice-Chair of the Charter Review Board. He is the recipient of several community awards including Success Magazine’s 2010 Top 40 under 40, 2012 Business Leader Magazine South Florida Movers and Shakers Award, and the 2016 BMe Community Leader Award.\xa0Marvin\xa0has also participated in several leadership programs including The Miami Foundation’s Miami Fellows Program,\xa0 Leadership Florida’s Connect Florida Program and The German Marshall Fund’s Marshall Memorial Fellowship. Marvin\xa0earned a B.S. in Business Administration and an M.B.A. from Florida A&M University as well as an M.S. in Real Estate Development from Columbia University. | Happiness is a choice! It is an overarching quality of life that is rich in a variety of emotions, even including stress, sadness and disappointment. Our featured guest today is Rochelle Gapere. Rochelle\xa0Gapere is an Attorney, Happiness Coach and Entrepreneur. Known for bringing her charismatic personality and sheer joy for living to every experience and individual she encounters,\xa0Rochelle\xa0has mastered the art of living life fully and passionately. The release of her Amazon bestselling book,\xa0One Happy Thought at a Time: 30 Days to a Happier You, cements her lifelong practice of adding more happiness to this world by empowering others with science-based tools and techniques that help them lead happier, more fulfilling lives. Rochelle\xa0believes in living a life that is engaging at every level and utilizes practical techniques to teach audiences her unique approach to living a happy life. | Know your why! Why are you passionate about what you're passionate about? And why do you want to make that a career? Today's guest was one of those people who inspired me to launch Trailblazers.FM and was one of our very first conversations on the podcast back on on\xa0episode 7. Today, we spoke with Craig The Barber. Craig the Barber is Hollywood’s top source for men’s grooming needs, a role he has held for more than 10 years. But the true story is that Craig unknowingly began his journey toward becoming a master barber all the way back at the age of 14 years-old. Craig’s belief that being a well-groomed man does not mean going overboard and that any guy can take charge of his style and appearance with the right guidance. Craig is a true example of how following one’s passion will lead you to never “work” a day in your life because you will always love what you do. As he says himself, “Life is meant to be lived, not worked!”", 'chan_desc': "Stephen A. Hart explores the stories behind today's most successful black entrepreneurs, leaders and professionals.Listeners gain access to the knowledge, resources and tools of these accomplished professionals and come away with the know-how, confidence and motivation needed to blaze their own trail.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/04/32/eb/0432eb4a-874b-f150-5f59-3310dd19c936/mza_4637738750967908196.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-12-23'}}

{'Build Your Network': {'title': 'Build Your Network', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Build-Your-Network-id2000872', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Travis Chappell', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 8105, 'play_count': 98819, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.travischappell.com'], 'ep_total': 312, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:36:04', 1], ['2019-09-29', '00:49:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:09:35', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:27:46', 1], ['2019-09-23', '00:41:20', 2], ['2019-09-19', '00:11:17', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:33:12', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:53:19', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:15:21', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:26:13', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Matt Manero, author of “You Need More Money”, Evan Stewart, a 25-year-old luxury real estate developer, and Jeff Hoffman, founder of Priceline.com, share with your host, Travis Chappell, their thoughts on "who you know" and "what you know."\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0 - Matt Manero - It starts with “what” and moves into “who,” because you won’t be on a big “Who’s” radar unless you have excellence in a “what.” - Ultimately though, it comes down to who you know. - If you want to get out of a conversation with someone who isn’t beneficial to you,\xa0just say that it’s been a pleasure talking, and then walk away.\xa0 - Evan Stewart - Who you know is more important. - To break into a higher real estate budget level it was all about who he knew and who his clients were referring him to. - Education is what you can do to compensate for lack of experience; if you can’t say you have ten years’ experience, you need something else to lean on.\xa0 - Jeff Hoffman - Nobody is great at twelve things, so you need other people in your network to round out your team to accomplish big things. - Schedule days where you aren’t in the office doing work, but are out in the world growing your network. - People who claim they’re too busy to network could solve the problem of being too busy by networking and finding people to build a team to take things off their plate.\xa03 Key Points: 1. You need a level of competency in what you do, but you won’t get better at what you do without who you know. 2. Schedule time in your calendar specifically for networking. 3. Use networking to find people whose skills fill in the gaps of what you don’t know.\xa0Tweetable Quotes: - “Excellence in what will not allow you to reach your potential unless you have excellence in who. And excellence in who will not work unless you have excellence in what.” –Matt Manero - “Everybody says you’re full of crap because you’re in your twenties until you do tens of millions of dollars in sales, and all of a sudden nobody cares how old you are because they know you do your job.” –Evan Stewart - “No big accomplishment in the world was ever accomplished by one person. You really are limited by the strength of your network or the weakness of it.” –Jeff HoffmanResources Mentioned: - You Need More Money by Matt Manero - Matt Manero’s website | Twitter\xa0 - Evan Stewart’s Twitter | Facebook | Instagram - Jeff Hoffman’s Website | Twitter | Linkedin - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co - Learn more about mentorships and masterminds for FREE at freemmcourse.com/enroll - Get your tickets for Travis new live event in Vegas at www.bynlive.com - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play - Get more free content from Travis at threenetworkingsecrets.com  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | Jasmine Star is an internationally recognized photographer and entrepreneur. She dropped out of law school to pursue photography and became a business strategist alongside her photography business. Jasmine shares with us how she grew her business, living in the “good old days,” and how to break into the\xa0 big leagues of whatever industry you’re in.\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0 - Jasmine’s background growing up poor and being homeschooled as the daughter of immigrants. - Jasmine went to college planning on being a writer, but ended up studying business. - Jasmine thought she needed permission from others to pursue what she wanted instead of giving herself permission. - Jasmine knows her success isn’t contingent upon anyone but herself. - Jasmine became one of the top wedding photographers in 2 years. - Jasmine’s husband worked for a startup while she was launching her business and they were very cash-strapped. - There will always be hard times, obstacles, and struggles, so it benefits you to reframe. - Which is more important: who you know or what you know? - Networking should shift away from reaching out and move to reaching up by sharing valuable content. - Jasmine shares the value of doing more with less. - How sharing her process as she learned photography skills made her relatable and gain more clients from it even though she wasn’t a good photographer yet. - Remember that everyone who engages with you is taking time out of their day to appreciate you, and it’s important to be thankful for their attention. - The Random Round: a quick series of random questions to get to know Jasmine.\xa03 Key Points: 1. Take radical responsibility for yourself. 2. What you know is only useful if you share it. 3. Shifting your perspective from a scarcity mindset to an abundance mindset.\xa0Tweetable Quotes:\xa0 - “In the process of chasing the illusion of happiness, we miss the memories that happen today.” –Jasmine Star - “It’s not or, it’s and.” –Jasmine Star - “I encourage people to do the dumb, the slow, the unscalable, the unsexy, the boring, and the hard.” –Jasmine StarResources Mentioned: - Visit Jasmine’s website at www.jasminestar.com\xa0 - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co - Join the Build Your Network Facebook group BYN.media/fb - Join the Build Your Network University Facebook group here byn.university. - If you want to amplify your network through podcasting apply at travischappell.com/coaching - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play - Leave a rating and review for the Build Your Network Podcast on iTunes - Watch Travis’ free masterclass on how to build the network of your dreams at threenetworkingsecrets.com  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | In this episode of Freestyle Friday, with your host Travis Chappell, he shares the fact that everyone is a producer.\xa0You are either producing results or producing excuses. We are responsible for how we react to successes and failures.\xa0\xa0\xa0Episode Highlights: - One of the first lessons I learned from a business mentor. - The importance of taking responsibility. - Why we must learn from mistakes to produce results.\xa0\xa03 Key Points: 1. You must be able to take responsibility for failures and not make excuses. 2. Remember that responsibility and fault are not the same things. 3. Everybody is a producer, it\'s just a matter of what you are producing.\xa0Tweetable Quotes: - “There\'s either 1 of 2 people in sales...you\'re someone that produces excuses or someone who produces results. ” – Travis Chappell - “If you\'re an excuse-maker, then you are always looking for a reason to justify the failure in the first place." – Travis Chappell - "I\'d rather take control too much, then run the risk of not taking responsibility enough." - Travis ChappellResources Mentioned:\xa0 - Get your tickets for Travis new live event in Vegas at www.bynlive.com - Check out Travis on Youtube at www.travischappell.com/youtube - Learn how to network at events at www.travischappell.com/yes - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co\xa0 - Join the Build Your Network Facebook group BYN.media/fb - Join the Build Your Network University Facebook group here byn.university - Leave a rating and review for the Build Your Network Podcast on iTunes - Watch Travis’ free masterclass on how to build the network of your dreams at threenetworkingsecrets.com - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | Evan Carmichael, a business Youtube master with over 2 million subscribers, and Ed Mylett, a personal mentor with incredible insight, and David Meltzer, the CEO of Sports One Marketing and producer of "Elevator Pitch" share with your host, Travis Chappell, their thoughts on "who you know" and "what you know."\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0 - Evan Carmichael - What you know gets you to who you know. - Networking for Introverts: A story of a connection Evan had that led to a great opportunity.\xa0 - Ed Mylett - Both critically important, but to pick one: what you know. - A story of a connection Ed had let to a great opportunity. - Thoughts on the times when you are down. - The importance of continuing to put in the work.\xa0 - David Meltzer - Top relationship tips. - "Who you know can give you opportunity even though you don\'t know what." - The wrong "way" when trying to connect with people. - David\'s #1 piece of advice for building a network. - The 4 skills to develop in 2019.\xa03 Key Points: 1. Find ways to create interactions where people will talk to you. 2. Bringing value to others is critically important. 3. The key to growing your relationships is to ask for help and learn and execute on the "what."\xa0Tweetable Quotes: - “If you\'re buried in the corner at the event, head down, nobody\'s gonna want to talk to you.” -\xa0 Evan Carmichael - “If I\'m willing to do the things that other people are willing to do, I\'m eventually going to get the things other people aren\'t going to get." - Ed Mylett - “Put faith in the future, don\'t put faith in the past” - David MeltzerResources Mentioned: - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co - Learn more about mentorships and masterminds for FREE at freemmcourse.com/enroll - Get your tickets for Travis new live event in Vegas at www.bynlive.com - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play - Get more free content from Travis at threenetworkingsecrets.com  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | Jason Harris is the CEO of the award-winning creative agency, "Mekanism" and the author of the new book "The Soulful Art of Persuasion."\xa0Jason has more than 20 years of expertise in creating provocative campaigns through a blend of Soul & Science. Jason shares with us how to be an effective persuader, if there is value in going to college, and how a connection with Tim Ferris helped Jason get his book out.\xa0\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0 - Jason\'s background and journey into marketing. - Jason\'s interest in art history and external pressure to go to college. - Thoughts on attending college and the importance of social dynamics. - Jason\'s first job out of college and how it started him on his journey. - The key steps to advance your journey and career path. - The top lessons Jason learned in process to starting his own company. - The advantage of bringing partners in your venture. - The importance of collaboration in business. - How to understand and own your credibility. - The top things to help advance your career. - What are the "key aspects " of the "long-game" people need to be aware of? - The importance of generosity. - The ads that Mekanism created that "stick out." - What Jason hopes people get out of his book, "The Soulful Art of Persuasion." - The importance of empathy in relationships. - How do we build true relationships? - How a connection led to a moment of success of Jason. - The 1 practical tip for building your network this next year. - The Random Round: a quick series of random questions to get to know Jason.\xa03 Key Points: 1. Collaboration is the key to success in business 2. Genuine generosity is the key in all relationships and in business. 3. It\'s incredibly beneficial to focus on soulful aspects of building relationships.\xa0\xa0Tweetable Quotes:\xa0 - “The Power of collaboration is critical for success.” - Jason Harris - “The people that are living in the competitive mindset, may have a lot of short-term success, but not a lot of friends left in the end. - Jason Harris - "Never let relationships drop to zero." - Jason HarrisResources Mentioned: - “The Soulful Art of Persuasion” - The Soulful Art of Persuasion Website - Jason Harris on Instagram - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co - Join the Build Your Network Facebook group BYN.media/fb - Join the Build Your Network University Facebook group here byn.university. - If you want to amplify your network through podcasting apply at travischappell.com/coaching - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play - Leave a rating and review for the Build Your Network Podcast on iTunes - Watch Travis’ free masterclass on how to build the network of your dreams at threenetworkingsecrets.com - Visit https://www.thesoulfulart.com to get a copy directly  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | In this episode of Freestyle Friday, with your host Travis Chappell, he shares the high level "blimp view" of how to network at events.\xa0 Simple things that can help differentiate you from others when networking.\xa0Episode Highlights: - The re-emergence of email as the primary platform for marketing. - Why Live Events are the future for networking. - 3 keys to networking at live events: preparation, other events, and let others talk. - How to cultivate your social media for positivity\xa0\xa03 Key Points: 1. You can never overlook the importance of personal connection. 2. Never under-estimate the importance of preparation. 3. How you make people "feel" is way more important than what you say.\xa0Tweetable Quotes: - “Email is the only thing that we truly own, have, and can keep.” – Travis Chappell - “People will never, ever, ever remember what you say, but always remember how you made them feel." – Travis ChappellResources Mentioned:\xa0 - Get your tickets for Travis new live event in Vegas at www.bynlive.com - Shop easy, with smartly designed men’s clothes by Mack Weldon at www.macwheldon.com and use promo code “travis” at checkout for 20% off - Learn how to network at events at www.travischappell.com/yes - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co\xa0 - Join the Build Your Network Facebook group BYN.media/fb - Join the Build Your Network University Facebook group here byn.university - Leave a rating and review for the Build Your Network Podcast on iTunes - Watch Travis’ free masterclass on how to build the network of your dreams at threenetworkingsecrets.com - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | Trent Shelton, former NFL player and author of "The Greatest You", Yahya Bakkar, family man, speaking coach, and online business coach, and Dan Fleyshman, youngest founder of a publicly-traded company in history, share with your host, Travis Chappell, their thoughts on "who you know" and "what you know."\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0 - Trent Shelton - Who you know: "Me meeting someone brought me here." - A key moment where a connection led to a big success. - Trent\'s advice on investing in connections: focusing on IOP.\xa0 - Yahya Bakkar - Why relationships are something you should invest in. - The importance of "buying speed" by investing in masterminds. - Why should you invest in a mentor today? - Understanding the value of "Relationship Currency." - What you do with who you know is the key.\xa0 - Dan Fleyshman - "Absolutely who you know, it\'s not even close...I don\'t need to know what that expert knows." - The importance of "fast-forwarding" the "what you know." - Dan\'s story of a big moment of success through relationships. - Dan\'s #1 most important practice for building a network.\xa03 Key Points: 1. You must focus on "IOP: Investing in Other People" to be successful. 2. It\'s critical to have some form of a mentor at every stage of your life and business. 3. Money can buy anything in the world, but it can\'t buy access, "cool", or information.\xa0\xa0Tweetable Quotes: - “You\'re investing your money already, you\'re just not as aware of it.” - Trent Shelton - “We live in an age of infobesity.\xa0 People are consuming too much information and not doing enough implementation.” - Yahya Bakkar - “Why is it what I know?\xa0 It\'s not what I know, it\'s what they know.” - Dan FleyshmanResources Mentioned: - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co - Learn more about mentorships and masterminds for FREE at freemmcourse.com/enroll - Get your tickets for Travis new live event in Vegas at www.bynlive.com - Automate your everything with Zapier at www.zapier.com/networking - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play - Get more free content from Travis at threenetworkingsecrets.com  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | Diane Mulcahy is the best-selling author of "The Gig Economy."\xa0It\'s been featured in a number of top publications as well as on Oprah.com.\xa0She created and teaches the first class in the country on the "Gig Economy" at Batson College in Boston.\xa0We talk about the decisions that led to her career path, how she got the idea for writing her book, and her career choices vs. traditional career choices.\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0 - Diane\'s background and "middle-school" self: Athletics, Extracurriculars, and Honors. - The Desire to "go do something different." - Diane\'s student journey and focus at Harvard. - What it takes to "let go" of what you thought you wanted to do. - Diane\'s advice to find what gets you "fired up." - How to avoid waiting to produce what you desire. - From Investing in Healthcare to Writing. - Combating "Imposter Theory." - How to understand and own your credibility. - The top things to help advance your career. - What is the Gig Economy? - The Appeal of the Gig Economy. - What it took to actually write a book on the Gig Economy. - The revolution of the Access Economy. - Who you know or what you know? Who you know is more important, but you can make great strides with what you know. - The concept of the Offer and the Ask - Diane\'s biggest piece of advice for building real relationships. - The Random Round: another profession that would be fun to attempt, who you wish you could spend an hour with sitting on a park bench, how do you like to consume content, a glimpse of your morning routine, go-to pump-up song, what are you not good at.\xa03 Key Points: 1. It\'s important to pursue the things and ideas that get you "fired up." 2. Reflect on what are the values and priorities that important to you and spend your time and energy on. 3. Work towards the goal of living a life that you don\'t have to take a vacation from.\xa0\xa0Tweetable Quotes:\xa0“College is a low-risk environment to try out anything that interests you.” - Diane Mulcahy“When you start your career, look around you and figure out who\'s job you want, and set your sights on that.” - Diane Mulcahy“For many people, they have the credibility, expertise, or ability, they just don\'t recognize it within themselves.” - Diane MulcahyResources Mentioned: - Diane Mulcahy Website - Book Recommendation: Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co - Join the Build Your Network Facebook group BYN.media/fb - Join the Build Your Network University Facebook group here byn.university. - If you want to amplify your network through podcasting apply at travischappell.com/coaching - Get equity-free investments from Clearbanc at clearbanc.com/travis - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play - Leave a rating and review for the Build Your Network Podcast on iTunes - Watch Travis’ free masterclass on how to build the network of your dreams at threenetworkingsecrets.com  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | In this episode of Freestyle Friday, with your host Travis Chappell, he shares about the reasons you need to stop watching the news right now, and 3 actions to take in auditing your media intake.\xa0Episode Highlights: - A quick background on the moment that changed my view. - Why we are connected to negative input. - How to be aware of the "echo chamber." - How to cultivate your social media for positivity\xa0\xa03 Key Points: 1. Be very careful about what you put into your mind, because that\'s what tends to come out. 2. Focus your media consumption on positive content. 3. Create a positive echo chamber that feeds you constant positivity.\xa0Tweetable Quotes: - “Your input always becomes your output.” – Travis Chappell - “Get around good people and consume positive content." – Travis Chappell - "Be willing to have open conversations, that are not hostile, with people from the other side of the coin." - Travis ChappellResources Mentioned:\xa0 - Get your tickets for Travis new live event in Vegas at www.bynlive.com - Shop easy, with smartly designed men’s clothes by Mack Weldon at www.macwheldon.com and use promo code “travis” at checkout for 20% off - Learn to podcast now at www.travischappell.com/coaching - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co\xa0 - Join the Build Your Network Facebook group BYN.media/fb - Join the Build Your Network University Facebook group here byn.university - Leave a rating and review for the Build Your Network Podcast on iTunes - Watch Travis’ free masterclass on how to build the network of your dreams at threenetworkingsecrets.com - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy | Tim Bilyeu, Co-Founder of Quest Nutrition who\'s now starting Impact Theory, Mark Brazil, Co-Founder of canvas art company Iconick, and Dean Graziosi, a natural networking extraordinaire,\xa0share with your host, Travis Chappell, their thoughts on "who you know" and "what you know."\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0\xa0 - Tom Bilyeu - What you know, but it would be a mistake to discredit who you know. - How to impress those you want to impress. - What it takes to build the skillset for creating relationships. - How to "level up" your networking associations.\xa0 - Mark Brazil - Definitely What you know. You can know people, but not have value to add. - Why there is always a place for the smart guy. - How connections can help you "push through the wall." - The importance of helping people without the expectation of a transaction.\xa0 - Dean Graziosi - Creating relationships with people of influence. - Reciprocity is the key to everything: How to add value to others. - What you know:\xa0the "who" won\'t come without the "what." - Competency: permission to network with others.\xa03 Key Points:\xa0 1. Do great research to impress those that you are wanting to network with. 2. Connections are best made when "transaction" is not the expectation. 3. Reciprocity is the engine of the universe: Doing simple things for other people will come back to you.\xa0\xa0Tweetable Quotes: - “If they know I\'ve really broken myself in half to add value, some percentage will do it.” - Tom Bilyeu - “The most defensible thing in any market is intelligence and skills.” - Mark Brazil - “Do for someone first, expecting nothing in return.” - Dean GraziosiResources Mentioned: - Visit Travis’ website at Buildyournetwork.co - Learn more about mentorships and masterminds for FREE at freemmcourse.com/enroll - Get your tickets for Travis new live event in Vegas at www.bynlive.com - Get Mint Mobile at a fraction of the cost at www.mintmobile.com/travis - Download the Himalaya App in the App Store or Google Play - Get more free content from Travis at threenetworkingsecrets.com  For information regarding your data privacy, visit acast.com/privacy', 'chan_desc': 'If you believe that who you know is more important than what you know and that purposeful and persistent networking is crucial to accomplishing your goals in any area of life, then this is the podcast for you. Three days a week, we will be having a conversation with top leaders like John C Maxwell, Amy Porterfield, Molly Bloom, Jack Canfield, Grant Cardone, Jordan Harbinger, Aubrey Marcus, Tom Bilyeu, and many others. We will hear stories from them on how certain connections with people in their lives led to accomplishing specific goals; we’ll get the best tips and tricks on how to network effectively, gather their thoughts on the importance of networking, and much more! Each episode is geared toward you, the aspiring professional, and helps you to uncover the secrets of networking in order to push you to the next level of success in your life.Consider this the ultimate guide to growing your inner circle, increasing your influence, and assisting others.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/b0/d0/9a/b0d09a56-c559-673d-2799-b342e93ca369/mza_5641327143669892536.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-09-25'}}

{'The Fighting Entrepreneur': {'title': 'The Fighting Entrepreneur', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Fighting-Entrepreneur-id1617371', 'num_comments': 11, 'author': 'Anik Singal', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 342, 'play_count': 8041, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-fighting-entrepreneur/id1446089516?mt=2'], 'ep_total': 106, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:13:28', 0], ['2019-10-02', '01:28:07', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:16:33', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:18:01', 0], ['2019-09-25', '01:00:13', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:17:09', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:24:58', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:55:39', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:23:30', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:23:46', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Freedom of speech - that’s what America stands for,at least it used too…Ironically, there’s a law in New York City that penalizes people for saying this one mysterious word… and we’re talking about $250,000 of penalty charge!So now the government is going to tell us what we can say and what we cannot say. We are starting to take this idea of offending people to such an extreme level it borderlines ridiculous.In this episode, Anik revealed what this mysterious word is, and how it will impact our nation in the long run. | Kids should learn entrepreneurship because it is not taught in school.Our guest today, Tamika, commented, “The school systems certainly not helping and I haven't seen any change in that area myself.”Entrepreneurship is important. It drives the economy of a nation. But get this: This is the point where education falls flat. Which is why parents are playing vital roles in becoming the sparks that empower their kids to be entrepreneurs. Today, we are fortunate enough to have Tamika here with us. She was appointed by President Obama to represent mostly all the entrepreneurial education that happens for the 22 million small businesses in the United States of America. This episode is a treasure trove of tips, ideas, and concrete steps to educate your kids about entrepreneurship. In this episode, I asked:1. How did Tamika end up as the associate administrator of the office of entrepreneurial development of the SBA? (06:16)2. Why teach entrepreneurship to kids? Why not just put them in the school system as everyone else does? (16:27)3. How do you teach entrepreneurship to kids through daily living? (22:49)4. Intentional teaching is time-consuming. How can parents implement this easily? (42:06)5. What else can parents start doing with their kids in shaping their entrepreneurial spirits? (53:25)Podcast 3 Keynotes:1. The reasons why you need to teach entrepreneurship to your kids at a young age, and how this will dramatically change their lives in ways you wouldn’t have thought possible. 2. If you feel guilty about not entertaining your kids enough… forget about it. (This is not the reason why they lack the quality of an entrepreneur) 3. Don’t answer their questions. It just so happens, paradoxically, that you can teach them more by not answering their questions. | This little growth hack is a  surefire ways to increase your sales conversion. It’s something you can do immediately… and should be doing it already. It works no matter what you’re selling. If you want to make more sales revenue.This single action will help you discover what works in your market. | A technological revolution that could shake the transport industry to its core, is about to happen. That’s right, self-driving cars are taking the transport industry by storm. With its advancement, job securities are declining.  The reality remains that the statistics aren’t in favor of drivers. Will this eventually ruin the world and end human lives?In this episode, Anik dived deep into this topic and shared some shocking statistical studies that proved this crisis. | The internet marketing landscape has changed. Although the ways we get traffic have changed considerably over the years, solo ads is not going away anytime soon. It’s still one of the cheapest ways of buying traffic and, much more importantly, anyone can start seeing results relatively quickly.Today’s guests, Carlos Redlich, will walk us through how he sold six figures in six months using solo ads at an insanely cheap price... and how this is infinitely scalable. | Believe it, you can’t find any concrete strategies on growing a podcast on Google, or any other search engines. They only offer generic and fluffy crap. If you have a podcast, or you've been thinking about starting one, you’re going to really relate to what I share with you in this episode. With dedication and hard work, armed with our 16 years of marketing knowledge, that’s how we took The Fighting Entrepreneur to the top 10 of entrepreneurship podcast of all time!This has been not just a journey of roses and rainbows... it had some thorns along the way and I want to walk you through it. In this episode, we’re going to dive deep into all the winning strategies that we used to grow our podcast… and how you can apply those to your own business and take it to a new height. | Entrepreneurs are the backbone of our economy.If you go back in the history of this country, the greatest innovations we've ever had were from entrepreneurs.But here’s the shocker…Entrepreneurship is DYING in America! This is a little bit alarming… and caught many people off guard. The government has been dropping regulations that, to be honest, give disadvantages to entrepreneurship. It is no surprise that we have less entrepreneurship and less business growth in this country. This is why in this episode, I shared with you the top 5 hideous truth that are hindering entrepreneurship… and what to do to save entrepreneurship from dying! | As entrepreneurs, we're moving at lightning speed. It goes without saying that a good memory is crucial for an entrepreneur. Whether it is business networking, building better relationships with people, or giving a presentation to investors or potential business partners…A good memory makes us more likable, impressive and memorable to people.   Especially in today's highly-competitive world, a good memory will definitely help us stand out from the crowd by demonstrating your expertise. You’ll be so good at it your competitors won’t be able to touch with a 10-foot pole!In this episode, our guest, Chester Santos, who is also a memory champion, shared with us his battled-hardened secrets to getting a steep-trap memory. These exact secrets made him the International Man of Memory!  Listen to this episode now to start impressing more people, and making more money with your razor-sharp memory. |  | ", 'chan_desc': 'This podcast is for the fighters. It is for the people that are not afraid to fail, and will always get back up. In this podcast you will learn all about the challenges that you will face as an entrepreneur.The host, Anik singal, is a leader in the digital marketing, having made over $200,000,000 online. In this podcast, you will hear about his struggles, hardships, and some of the victories that he has achieved throughout his life, and how he dealt with it all. This podcast is to help entrepreneurs succeed, but also to prepare them for the challenges that they may face.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/70/dd/e5/70dde57e-d6be-1ae3-b447-3c03320eb964/mza_1488445995177313023.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-12-07'}}

{'The New Man': {'title': 'The New Man', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-New-Man-id2074727', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Tripp Lanier', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 4851, 'play_count': 32591, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/NewManPodcast', 'https://www.thenewmanpodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 308, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-17', '00:04:45', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:49:14', 1], ['2019-08-20', '00:40:46', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:29:29', 0], ['2019-07-23', '00:43:23', 0], ['2019-07-10', '00:43:24', 1], ['2019-06-25', '00:53:55', 0], ['2019-06-11', '00:44:53', 3], ['2019-05-31', '00:09:44', 1], ['2019-05-10', '00:48:09', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'How to face fear. Understanding the 3 phases of a challenge — When we’re in the creative process and we’re looking at the next scary step it’s helpful to understand what we’re really facing. Often this is where we drain ourselves and get stuck because we can only see our challenge from one perspective instead of three. In this quick podcast we break down our challenge into its three main parts so we can take action.Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | Brian Johnson of Philosophers Notes and Optimize.me discusses perfectionism, the inner critic, understanding the whole point of life, and why he blames Tripp Lanier for his $2 million dollar business “experiment.” Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | What is your Zone of Genius and how do you find it? Do you have to blow up your life if you want to reinvent yourself? And why do some folks sabotage their success? Guest: Gay Hendricks (The Big Leap)Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | Brian Portnoy, author of Geometry of Wealth discusses the difference between being rich and wealthy, funding contentment, and answering the question, “Am I going to be okay?”Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | Dr. Michael Gervais is a high performance psychologist who works with the Seattle Seahawks and Fortune 100 companies. Today we pick apart the myths of being a high performer, understand the inner critic, and reveal the key ingredient to enjoying the life we want. Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | Paul Ollinger (Crazy Money Podcast) busted his ass, cashed out of Facebook, and became a stand up comic. Today we’re going to talk money being a major motivator, how our pursuit of a stress free life can burn us out, and why committing to success often makes us weak. Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | Teo Alfero The Wolf Connection: Creating a life of meaning and heart. Leaving home to work with Carlos Castaneda, building a wolf sanctuary, and rigorous shamanistic trainings. Plus: what keeps us from living extraordinary lives, dealing with spiritual forces beyond our understanding.Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | Robert Glover Dating Essentials for Men — Dating advice for guys who don’t want to be jerks. Finding high quality women, testing for interest, how to end dead end relationships with respect, and dealing with sh*t tests.Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | Stop making excuses and quickly pivot into power. There are 3 main excuses that hold us back and have us play small. In this quick talk coach Tripp Lanier talks about how to identify resistance, confidence, motivation, and wisdom vs knowledge.Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance | Mark Manson sold millions of copies of his last book, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck, and he’s back with a new one called Everything is F*cked. Today we talk about why he’s out to slaughter our sacred cows, why hope makes us fight one another, and why success was so difficult for him.Crush procrastination and mental resistance. Click here to learn the same mindset principles that Tripp Lanier uses with his coaching clients — including Navy SEALs, entrepreneurs, and influencers.  https://thenewmanpodcast.com/resistance', 'chan_desc': 'Tripp Lanier has coached Navy SEALs, best-selling authors, and entrepreneurs to align their lives with their career and relationships. He covers topics guys are hungry to explore but typically only discuss after a few beers. Each episode consists of real world, practical advice so guys can get out of the rat race and live a life of purpose and meaning. Guests range from Tim Ferriss to Laird Hamilton to Navy SEALs to zen masters to “ordinary” guys living extraordinary lives. Topics include: mindset, purpose, power, relationships, sex, overcoming fear, lifestyle design, and spirituality.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/74/97/cc/7497cc61-5ebb-4d6a-f24d-7882e7778e3a/mza_6718557327669851305.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2007-12-13'}}

{'2000 Books for Ambitious Entrepreneurs - Author Interviews and Book Summaries': {'title': '2000 Books for Ambitious Entrepreneurs - Author Interviews and Book Summaries', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/2000-Books-for-Ambitious-Entrepreneurs-Author-Interviews-and-Book-Summaries-id1360436', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Mani Vaya', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2268, 'play_count': 20987, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.2000books.com'], 'ep_total': 214, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-20', '00:17:52', 3], ['2019-09-16', '01:10:37', 2], ['2019-09-09', '00:11:12', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:20:05', 1], ['2019-08-30', '00:04:39', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:09:32', 0], ['2019-07-15', '00:04:15', 2], ['2019-06-30', '00:03:58', 1], ['2019-06-29', '00:02:52', 0], ['2019-06-05', '00:08:42', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Get access to the world\'s largest library of Productivity & Goal Accomplishment Ideas, Tips, Tools, Techniques & Strategies at\xa0https://www.2000books.com/goals | Don\'t try to beat the competition. Instead make it irrelevant by:  Defining a new category Developing the category Dominating the category  Legendary Marketer and 3-time CMO Chris Lochhead will show you exactly how to do that in this episode.\xa0 |  The 4 secrets behind big, breakthrough ideas Innovation Lessons from Google and HP  Download PDF Summary of Little Bets: https://www.2000books.com/bonus | 10 Billionaire Biographies every Entrepreneur must read  Get 20 Lessons from Billionaire Biographies at: https://www.2000books.com/bonus  | Navy Seal teaches you THE 40% Rule:  How to push your mental and physical boundaries to the extreme How to do more than what you thought you were capable of How to achieve more than you ever thought possible  10 Best books: https://www.10boooks.org \xa0 | Big Ideas in this book summary of Crucial Conversations:\xa0  How to handle difficult conversations when tempers are flaring and stakes are high How to handle emotionally charged situations How to make it safe to talk about anything How to be persuasive and not abrasive  Lists of 10 Best books: https://www.10books.org 3 Bonus Ideas from Crucial Conversations: https://www.2000books.com/summary | Success can be really simple, if you understand this 1 thing about success. Until you understand this 1 success principle, success will always elude you. Get my List of 10 Best books in different areas at\xa0www.10bestbooks.org:  10 Best Productivity Books 10 Best Marketing Books 10 Best Entrepreneurship Books 10 Best Mental Toughness Books 10 Best Social Skills Books 10 Best Influence & Persuasion Books\xa0 10 Best Success Mindset Books\xa0 10 Best biographies for ambitious people\xa0  | This well researched 1-minute productivity hack will double your work output for days, weeks and even months. From the book "Succeed by Dr Heidi G Halvorson"  🏦Apply for the Million Dollar Book Club: https://utm.io/ubrd ★★★Apply for my Business Coaching★★★: http://utm.io/ubri Download a FREE copy of my #1 Favorite book of all time: 📗"As a Man Thinketh" Free PDF Download: https://utm.io/uc30  Connect with me:  🌎My personal Instagram: https://utm.io/uc3Y 💼LinkedIn : http://utm.io/uc3Z  | This simple 2 minute life hack is for you if you answer YES to the following:\xa0  Do you struggle in Social Situations? Do you get anxious in social situations? Do you fear talking to new people? Are you scared of public speaking? Are you scared of talking to attractive women or men?  In this episode I share a very powerful strategy to overcome social anxiety that will change the way you approach any social situation. The idea comes from the book "Feel the Fear and beyond" by Dr Susan Jeffers.  🏦Apply for the Million Dollar Book Club: https://utm.io/ubrd ★★★Apply for my Coaching★★★: http://utm.io/ubri Download a FREE copy of my #1 Favorite book of all time: 📗"As a Man Thinketh" Free PDF Download: https://utm.io/uc30 My personal Instagram: https://utm.io/uc3Y  |  + How to build automated Email Marketing Campaigns that make sales on auto-pilot + How to launch products using Email Marketing + JV and Affiliate Marketing Email Campaigns + How to build an Email Marketing Database  Useful Links:  + Apply for Million $ Book Club: http://utm.io/udEx + Apply for my coaching: http://utm.io/ub4q + My Favorite Email Marketing Tool: http://utm.io/udVk  Books Covered:  + Invisible Selling Machine by Ryan Deiss + Launch by Jeff Walker + Duct Tape Marketing by John Jantsch + 1 Page Marketing Plan by Alan Dib ', 'chan_desc': "On 2000 Books podcast, we interview today's top Business and self help authors and get the the most important actionable ideas from the world’s greatest books for ambitious entrepreneurs.  We also summarize classic business books and self help books for entrepreneurs such as Napoleon Hill - Think and Grow Rich, Dale Carnegie - How to Win Friends and Influence people, Good to Great, Lean Startup, Zero to One, Never Eat Alone, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos. Some of the authors interviewed include David Allen, Dan Pink, Nir Eyal, Jay Samit, Chris Brogan, Mike Michalowicz. Our goal is to provide you the best, most actionable ideas from these great books so that you as entrepreneurs, startup founders and CEOs can get to the next level in business and in life using the ideas from these great books", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/3a/f9/ef/3af9ef12-120f-216e-4143-edc3c9406f00/mza_2958015351007926779.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-06-01'}}

{'The Jason Capital Show': {'title': 'The Jason Capital Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Jason-Capital-Show-id2378203', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Jason Capital', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 6, 'play_count': 31, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://ratracedestroyer.com/InstagramIncome'], 'ep_total': 20, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '00:12:15', 0], ['2019-10-04', '00:05:53', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:14:08', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:06:02', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:07:49', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:46:48', 0], ['2019-09-29', '00:11:37', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:02:12', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:10:10', 1], ['2019-09-26', '00:48:54', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Segment from the 2019 High Status Summit from DAN PEÑA, who doesn\'t hold back!Will I see you at the 2020 High-Status Summit?http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week.You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life.If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7 day free access. | Did you know? The best sales copy is re-written and NOT written. \xa0I was at an event once with a bunch of online entrepreneurs where I spoke about copywriting. I said something that changed the game for a lot of people. After the event, a handful of people came to me after and were like dude, that changes my life like that one thing you said changes everything. \xa0\xa0I want you to think about it like you are a sculptor and you just keep chiseling away at your ad at your copy and at your offer until you get it right. Should you keep going and write it again? Once you wrote it once, write it a second time, and a third time. \xa0Do you think the top competitor in your industry is afraid of rewriting it a second time, and a third time? One of the bigger players in my space I recently found out he creates on average 25 to 30 new ads every single day. He creates 25 to 30 new ads every single a day that is roughly 850 new different creative ads a month and almost 10,000 ads a year \xa0\xa0How many of them will actually work? Maybe say 500 have light conversions of those 500 maybe 50 really convert well. Five from those could be massive winners and this guy\'s business makes about 12 million dollars a year. And this is how you get there. You keep repeating your work, you keep writing the best sales copy and you keep showing up every day until you die.http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly\xa0🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week.\xa0You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life.\xa0If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7 day free access. | In this episode, Jason Capital explains the importance of vocal tonality, as well see the never before revealed exercises that he personally uses to make sure his voice is always in peak form.\xa0A championship message told through amateur tonality is still an amateur message. This applies to your business, your relationships, and any other aspect of your life when you require somebody else\'s attention.Share this episode with a friend who may find this valuable as well!http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week.\xa0You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life.\xa0If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7 day free trial. | There are a lot of money misconceptions that cause people to be scared of selling and sales in general.Do you know why you are afraid to sell?\xa0This podcast details why so many people are afraid of selling, and how you can take the steps to overcome it.http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly\xa0🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week.\xa0You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life.\xa0If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7 day free access. | This question has been asked to me many times, and in this episode, I give you 3 things that will help you navigate these murky waters and answer this question.\xa0http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly\xa0🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week.\xa0You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life.\xa0If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7-day free access. | In this episode, Bedros Keuilian talks about how to create HIGH value in business by building relationships and how those relationships are built and cultivated. Creating value is by far the most impactful way to build a business and relationship in the long game.Bedros Keuilian is a serial entrepreneur with multi-million dollar generating businesses in franchising, software, digital marketing, and business consulting.\xa0http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly\xa0🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week. You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life. If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7-day free access. | Here are the THREE MOST POWERFUL MARKETING LESSONS you will EVER learn. These are advanced and powerful marketing principles and techniques that you can apply over generations to come. These principles will last the next 50-80 years and can be applied in any industry.http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly\xa0🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week. You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life.\xa0If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7 day free access. | A quick fix for common things people do when they don\'t know what to say.Put your little police hat on anytime you catch yourself doing these things!http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week. You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life. If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7 day free access. | Lies from when you were younger... \xa0What do you do if you grew up hearing from parents, teachers, and friends: \xa0"You\'re not smart" \xa0"Play it safe" \xa0"Be quiet" \xa0And you\'ve been pigeon-holed into being someone who has a safe job, dating a safe girl, driving a safe car, living a safe life... \xa0... and NOT living the bold powerful life you know you deserve. \xa0A life full of abundance, adventure, and premium-grade bluefin tuna sashimi (my weakness). \xa0What you DON\'T want to do is get angry. \xa0If you\'re ready for a life you deserve watch to the end and see exactly what you need to do to have whatever the f*ck you want in life. | If you don\'t change your financial thermostat, you are going to have trouble maintaining your wealth. Changing your financial situation starts in your mind and it will allow you to learn how to change your financial luck or in other words your financial thermostat. \xa0In this video, I sit down with Kirby Robbins who is my very first millionaire student (Kirby went from making $50,000 a year for 21 years straight...to making $1.15 Million Dollars his first year with me). We talk about building wealth, maintaining it and what it takes to become financially independent.\xa0\xa0http://bit.ly/HighIncomeSkillsWeekly\xa0🚨We just put together a brand new program where I will mentor you every single week. You\'ll develop and grow a new high-income skill every week, the same way I mentored my first 3 millionaire students and over 60 others who have now replaced rat-race life with freedom life. If you want to join us click the link above and claim your 7 day free access.', 'chan_desc': "The Jason Capital Show: Hosted by entrepreneur, best selling author, and public speaker Jason Capital. On this podcast, you'll receive the audio experience of Jason's marketing and business speeches, segments from his YouTube and IGTV video series, interviews, and original content made for this podcast!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/b4/01/b3/b401b3e5-7425-6b40-b724-ed0526b84232/mza_6041951449205255218.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-14'}}

{"She's Doing Big Things": {'title': "She's Doing Big Things", 'chan_url': "https://castbox.fm/channel/She's-Doing-Big-Things-id2384480", 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Alicia Leigh', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 0, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://shesdoingbigthings.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:21:29', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:17:08', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:17:18', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:16:32', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:15:07', 0], ['2019-09-21', '00:19:12', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'What a laundry list that is! Or, is it a packing list? In this episode, I unravel my biggest failure... OR... lesson, to date. What happened? What can you learn from it? And what are the most fundamental ways to avoid my mistake, move forward and rock your biz like a boss. We\'re going on a little adventure into "let\'s get real land" where things get uncomfortable and honest.\xa0www.ShesDoingBigThings.com\xa0Insta: Coach_AliciaLeigh | Have you ever wondered why you feel stuck at a certain stage or progression of business? Feeling a little behind or watching others create and do at a speed you cant seem to find? Well, then this episode is for you, darling. Lets decode the stage you\'re in, the thoughts you\'re having that keep you there and what actions to take to move you FORWARD. Dreamers, Doers, Entrepreneurs... let\'s get going.\xa0www.ShesDoingBigThings.com\xa0@Coach_AliciaLeigh | I think we have established that no two people are the same, and with that, no two paths or destinations are exact duplicates either. We all arrive at different times and different stations, but what if the destination is unknown and the path is unclear? Do you keep going? Will you ever arrive? Lets unravel these questions on this episode.\xa0\xa0www.shesdoingbigthings.comInsta: @Coach_AliciaLeighShe@Shesdoingbigthings.com | Have you ever compared the way you show up for something free vs paid? Have you ever REALLY put it all on the line and burned the ships? Have you created massive belief and then taken concentrated action toward your goals? Then you just might be a boss. But can you know for sure? In this episode, lets find out.\xa0www.shesdoingbigthings.comInsta: @Coach_AliciaLeigh\xa0She@Shesdoingbigthings.com | Did anyone ever tell you as you were becoming the next version of yourself; the biz babe, the scholar, the speaker, the next level that seemed scary and far off... to "fake it til\' you make it?" If they did, and you used it to propel you forward, I\'ve got something better for you. Something more authentic and genuine and a much more efficient form of rocket fuel. Listen in and I\'ll tell you what it is!\xa0www.shesdoingbigthings.comInsta: @Coach_AliciaLeigh\xa0She@Shesdoingbigthings.com | Do you feel a pull for MORE in your life: more money, more purpose, more freedom? That desire that you wake up with, the one that nudges you in the car\xa0on the\xa0way to work, and wakes you up at night with ideas and inklings; that\xa0isn\'t\xa0to be ignored.\xa0Connect further here:\xa0www.shesdoingbigthings.com', 'chan_desc': "Warning: You will learn things and get more done. A no bull podcast for the woman who wants to go bigger in life and business, by getting clear, starting a biz, scaling that shiz, living large and juggling all of it. Because, in my world, you truly get to HAVE IT ALL. That pull to do more, to have a big life and an impactful business, I feel you, and I'm here to tell you that you DO in fact deserve it. Decide what you want: More money? More freedom? More strategy? A plan of action to create and do? Well girl, I've got you. From 1 million in sales, 600k in MLM, to national champion, to pro athlete and laptop nomad, I do big things, and empower others to do the same; in life AND business. With massive belief and concentrated action, all things are possible. Let's get doing.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/6f/20/7c/6f207c3a-b5de-8c48-aaf5-4f1d4275c2c4/mza_7918958423675211905.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-21'}}

{'The Real Dirt with Chip Baker': {'title': 'The Real Dirt with Chip Baker', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Real-Dirt-with-Chip-Baker-id436894', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'The Real Dirt with Chip Baker', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 109, 'play_count': 2717, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://therealdirt.com'], 'ep_total': 84, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-24', '00:43:56', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:54:25', 0], ['2019-07-30', '01:21:53', 0], ['2019-07-09', '00:51:54', 1], ['2019-06-11', '01:15:27', 0], ['2019-05-28', '00:26:43', 0], ['2019-05-14', '00:45:23', 0], ['2019-05-07', '01:20:29', 0], ['2019-04-23', '01:19:37', 0], ['2019-04-16', '00:50:32', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Chef Anna with the Pot is a rising Instagram personality in the cannabis community. From his knowledge and content surrounding autoflower cannabis to the crazy stunts he pulls in supermarkets with cannabis, Chef Anna is an incredibly hilarious guy who is changing the stigma surrounding cannabis and making people smile in the process. Roll up a fatty and have a laugh in this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt featuring Chef Anna as they dive into his story, why he loves autoflower cannabis and how he\'s changing the perception surrounding it. | This episode is a Reupload featuring Colin Bell, Co-Founder and head of development for Mammoth Microbes and Growcentia. This episode is all about living soil and organic inputs and the impact is can have on your grow experience, and the environment. Colin is the master on organic inputs and breaks it down as simply as possible for anyone to understand. | We\'ve all wondered it. We\'ve all wanted to try it. But the real question we all have is, is Jamaican ganja any good?In this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt, Chip and Travis talk about Jamaican ganja. How to get it, how it looks, how it smells, how it tastes, and more.Plus in a special feature, listen to Jessica Baker interview Dr. Lakisha Jenkins, an expert on Jamaica\'s medical cannabis industry. Get both sides of the Jamaican cannabis industry, from the black market to the medical market in this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt Podcast.Roll one up and spark up the ganja Mon! | Growing cannabis. A lot of us wish we could do it, a lot of try to do it and fail. Well, now Oklahoma can join our ranks.With its booming medical marijuana industry, Oklahoma is drawing natives and cannabis industry transplants alike to its fresh new marketplace. But cannabis is new to many in the state, and that means growing cannabis is new too.Whether you\'re in Oklahoma or not, this episode covers some key tips for growing successfully indoors, from the lights you should use, best nutrients, training techniques and more.Roll one up, pop that seed or transplant that clone, and get baked on knowledge in this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt Podcast. | It\'s a stacked lineup in this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt Podcast!Jason of Kiskanu, Chris of Cultivate OKC, Brian of Yumboldt Farms and Jeff from Little Hill Cultivators get a surprise phone call from Chip Baker to talk about clones and the problems with planting clones outdoors.You might not know it if you\'re new, but cannabis is an extremely photosensitive plant. You can\'t get clones started in a controlled indoor environment and then move them outside and expect great results. There\'s preparation and transitional work that goes into a successful outdoor transplant.Get the best tips for successful outdoor clones and learn everything you need to know about getting your clones ready for the outdoor experience in this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt.Roll one up and get your cannabis education on! | The Real Dirt has come a long way since the first episode of Tony Don\'t Smoke OG was recorded in 2016. Dozens of incredible guests and 70+ episodes later, The Real Dirt is making a move.We\'ve been in the same studio in Denver, CO for over two years and with so many new cannabis hubs popping up, it\'s time to make The Real Dirt a little more mobile.As the podcast starts its transition to the new studio, Chip Baker looks back and how The Real Dirt began, where it has been and where it is going.Roll one up, sit back and get an exclusive look into the story of The Real Dirt with Chip Baker, and the story yet to be written. | This week\'s episode of The Real Dirt is a full deep dive into the growing medium coco. Growers around the country have heard a lot of different stories about coco, not all of it true.Coco is an exceptional, renewable medium that can increase your yields, and make you feel better about your environmental impact. Hear from Darren Erasmus, CEO of Growers Soil (@growerscoco) and his opinions on coco, why he loves it, and why you should be adding it to your soil mix, or growing straight out of coco.Fire one up and get the knowledge on this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt. | Please SUBSCRIBE!Growing hemp on a large scale isn\'t like growing other field crops, and it\'s also different from growing regular cannabis. From how you plant to when and what (seeds or clones, feminized or not), there are a lot of factors that go into growing quality hemp.In this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt Chip hangs out with Jacob, Head of Sales for Cultivate Colorado and an avid cannabis/hemp grower. Hear how their experiences have been growing hemp so far and tips they have for growing better hemp than the next guy.Roll up a half hemp/cannabis joint and sit back for this episode of The Real Dirt Podcast. | These new hemp laws can get a little hazy. There\'s little coordinated regulation across the country, and when it comes to CBD there\'s almost none at all.In this week\'s "Hempisode", Chip and Justin talk with Shaun Hauser and Andrew Livingston from Vicente Sederberg LLC, the leading cannabis law firm in the country.From the basics of the new hemp laws, to the complications and intricacies of a regulated hemp and CBD market, this episode covers it all, with exclusive, insider information from two of the top hemp lawyers IN THE WORLD.Roll one up, put on your lawyer hat and tune into this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt Podcast. | In this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt Podcast, Chip and his Co-Host Justin Jones (Dank Dispensary, Kush Bottles) call up Brett Terry.Brett works with Front Range Biosciences in Boulder, CO. he has already obtained his permit to grow industrial hemp in Alabama, and coming from a growing background, he\'s seen some issues already.Sit back, roll one up, and hear how Alabama is dealing with their new hemp industry, who\'s getting involved and why on this week\'s episode of The Real Dirt Podcast.For more grow tips, news and cool content, follow @therealdirtpodcast on Instagram and Facebook, and join our private facebook group where we talk all things cannabis with over 500 other ganjapreneurs.', 'chan_desc': 'The Real Dirt with Chip Baker is a podcast series hosted by one of the nation’s premier cannabis technology and application experts, Chip Baker. Chip Baker formerly co-founded Royal Gold Soil and is currently the founder and CEO of Cultivate Colorado and Growers Soil. Over the past 30 years, Chip Baker and other industry veterans have made the evolution of cannabis legalization possible.Since Colorado’s legalization, the cannabis industry has evolved extensively, but there it is still an abundance of stereotypes, inaccurate information and “bro science” surrounding it. The Real Dirt provides accurate insider industry information from the nation’s premier cannabis lawyers, breeders, growers, and distributors who pioneered legalization. Their expertise, collective knowledge and decades of experience provides invaluable insights to both industry aspirants and veterans alike, on how to succeed in the new, competitive, booming cannabis industry.  ', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/5d/1a/5e/5d1a5ee9-e45c-fac7-6cc0-3602332f6a1b/mza_5764269511499904675.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-03-19'}}

{'Rev Real Estate School | Real Estate Agent Podcast': {'title': 'Rev Real Estate School | Real Estate Agent Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Rev-Real-Estate-School-|-Real-Estate-Agent-Podcast-id1000738', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Michael Montgomery', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 83, 'play_count': 1814, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/RevRealEstate_', 'https://www.facebook.com/revrealestateschool', 'https://www.instagram.com/revrealestateschool', 'https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9LeXzvq3xAzRQCesXzDADQ', 'https://www.revrealestateschool.com/'], 'ep_total': 128, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '00:08:52', 0], ['2019-09-21', '00:08:40', 1], ['2019-08-30', '00:09:58', 0], ['2019-08-23', '00:09:44', 0], ['2019-08-09', '00:07:49', 0], ['2019-07-30', '00:09:19', 0], ['2019-07-14', '00:10:08', 0], ['2019-07-05', '00:12:34', 0], ['2019-07-02', '00:09:32', 0], ['2019-06-26', '00:07:12', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In real estate, we are all chasing after the next deal, lead, or agent to hire. It's human nature to have the mindset that having more success in real estate will lead to more happiness. However, what if this is a broken equation and happiness will actually lead to more success? Shawn Achor demonstrated this with his research at Harvard. As a real estate agent, regardless of where your production is, we need to be finding joy in our careers. Not only will this lead to a more enjoyable life, but studies suggest that we can increase our sales by 37% by changing the way we look at the world.\xa0 In this real estate agent training podcast, you will learn how you can hack success with happiness.\xa0 Rev Real Estate School https://www.revrealestateschool.com | Farming in real estate is one of the best ways to build your business. If you look to high producers in your city, it's likely these real estate agents are all farming an area. There are some common mistakes that real estate agents can make when they start farming. In this real estate agent training podcast, you will learn 10 mistakes that REALTORS are making and how to fix these issues.\xa0 Learn More https://www.revrealestateschool.com/tips/10-farming-mistakes Rev Real Estate School | One of the most significant limiting beliefs for new(er) real estate agents is the fear of other people's opinions or FOPO. Overcoming this mindset takes bravery, courage, and pushing outside of our comfort zone.\xa0I doubt anyone would argue that it takes bravery and courage to grow in real estate, but how do we gain courage? Furthermore, how do we focus less on what we other people's opinions are of us? In this real estate agent training podcast, you will learn some tips on how to not fear other people's opinions in real estate. www.revrealestateschool.com | We have all been there, in a sales slump where we think we are doing everything we can to produce at a high level, but the sales are not coming through. In this episode, we discuss what you need to do if you feel like you are not producing at the level you want to do this.\xa0 www.revrealestateschool.com | What are some lesser-known ways to generate leads on a budget? One method is connecting with other real estate agents in your office. These agents with experience can have a wealth of knowledge and most will share this freely with you. Not only that, at times, they can have lead overflow and need someone to help work some of their leads.\xa0 In this episode, you will learn how to strategically pick the right agents to connect with and how you can have a mutually beneficial relationship.\xa0 Rev Real Estate School | In real estate, you can either have time or money. If you have a lot of time, chances are, you could use more money. However, if you have a lot of money, you may need more time. In this episode, Rev Real Estate School explores the balance between time and money and how you can leverage each.\xa0 | Getting your real estate license is not the hard part; this is just the beginning. Too often, real estate agents don't have the level of knowledge required to excel in their industry. REALTORs are oftentimes compared to accountants and lawyers. Agents want to be their client's trusted advisor just like these two professions, however, agent's don't put in the time to truly understand their craft.\xa0 In this real estate agent training podcast, you will learn 3 things you need to know in real estate to provide the highest level of service to your clients.\xa0 Rev Real Estate School | As a real estate agent, you need to understand how to ask for real estate referrals. Top producers in real estate not only provide excellent service when buying or selling real estate, but they also leverage people in their network to grow their business and stay top of mind. There are several sources of referrals in real estate, whether that be friends and family, your sphere of influence, past clients, other real estate agents, or business owners. In this post, you will learn how you can generate leads using strategic scripts to use when asking for real estate referrals.  Shownotes, Details, More Info Rev Real Estate School | Have you ever lost a listing or had a seller overprice and not budge on price once listed?\xa0 This happens to everyone in real estate at some point. In this episode, you will learn a few quick, actionable ways that you can set yourself up for success when listing a property, how you can maintain your listings, and how to bounce back if the listing expires. How To Bounce Back From an Unsuccessful Listing Learn more Rev Real Estate School | In real estate, as with any new business, the failure rate can be high. Most real estate agents leave than industry than stay. There can be a number of different reasons people leave the industry, but usually, it boils down to two main reasons REALTORs tend to fail. In this real estate agent training podcast, you will learn the main challenges that real estate agents face and how you can avoid failure in real estate.\xa0 Learn More Rev Real Estate School", 'chan_desc': 'Michael Montgomery brings you actionable and fast tips, tricks, and advice to help you thrive in your real estate career and reach 50 deals per year. Learn marketing skills, social media strategy, habits for success, systems, lead gen, and database marketing. Perfect for new and growing real estate agents. Show notes and resources are found at https://www.revrealestateschool.com/', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/64/00/7b/64007b08-83dc-e8c7-9a93-eacc678604d2/mza_5564165476327180291.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-08-06'}}

{'Conscious Millionaire Show ~ Business Coaching and Mentoring 6 Days a Week': {'title': 'Conscious Millionaire Show ~ Business Coaching and Mentoring 6 Days a Week', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Conscious-Millionaire-Show-~-Business-Coaching-and-Mentoring-6-Days-a-Week-id8142', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'J V Crum III MBA JD ~ Mindset & Strategy Expert Conscious Business Coach', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 280, 'play_count': 6846, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.consciousmillionaireshow.com'], 'ep_total': 1588, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '00:07:48', 0], ['2019-10-04', '00:36:55', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:34:49', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:30:24', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:30:47', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:11:34', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:40:24', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:32:40', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:30:12', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Welcome to the Conscious Millionaire Show for entrepreneurs and business owners who want to Make Your First Million, with Host, JV Crum III. In today\'s episode of his Conscious Millionaire Mindset series, JV coaches you on... Do It Now! Like this Podcast? Get every episode delivered to you free!\xa0 Subscribe in iTunes And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Jay Nixon: Finding the Purpose of Pain in Business and Life Jay Nixon is an internationally recognized transformation coach who has been profiled by ABS, CBS and FOX. He has also been featured in magazines such as Health and Triathlete. With his extensive coaching and speaking career and deep life experience, plus his witty but purposeful writing style, there\'s no one better qualified to explain the benefits (yes, benefits!) of suffering than Nixon.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts!\xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763 \xa0 Welcome to the Conscious Millionaire Show for entrepreneurs who want to Make Your First Million, with your Host, JV Crum III…\xa0     Perry Marshall: Evolution 2.0 for Jack Canfield: How to Be a Best-Selling Author Jack Canfield is known as America’s #1 Success Coach, he is the CEO of the Canfield Training. He is the coauthor of the #1 New York Times bestselling Chicken Soup for the Soul® book series, which has sold more than 500 million books in 47 languages. His most recent book is the 10th Anniversary Edition of The Success Principles™: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You Want to Be. Like this Podcast? Get every episode delivered to you free!\xa0 Subscribe in iTunes And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast… and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763 \xa0 Welcome to the Conscious Millionaire Show for entrepreneurs who want to Make Your First Million, with your Host, JV Crum III…\xa0     Perry Marshall: Evolution 2.0 for Entrepreneurs Perry Marshall is one of the world’s most expensive and sought-after business consultants. Clients seek his ability to integrate engineering, sales, art and psychology. He launched two movements in modern marketing. His Google AdWords books laid the foundations for the $100 billion Pay Per Click industry, and techniques he pioneered are standard best practices. He wrote the world’s best selling book on web advertising,  Ultimate Guide to Google AdWords. He’s consulted in over 300 industries and served as an expert witness for marketing and Google AdWords litigation. Like this Podcast? Get every episode delivered to you free!\xa0 Subscribe in iTunes And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast… and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763 \xa0 Welcome to the Conscious Millionaire Show for entrepreneurs who want to Make Your First Million, with your Host, JV Crum III…\xa0     Michael Altshuler: The Mindset to Dramatically Increase Your Sales Michael Altshuler is an internationally recognized keynote speaker, peak performance coach & sales expert. He helps individuals and companies achieve breakthrough results. Millionaire before 30, sold his company to the 5 Billion dollar giant IKON Office Solutions, Did millions in business with Trump & competed on the hit TV show American Gladiators. Like this Podcast? Get every episode delivered to you free!\xa0 Subscribe in iTunes And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast… and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763 \xa0 Welcome to the Conscious Millionaire Show for entrepreneurs who want to Make Your First Million, with your Host, JV Crum III…\xa0     Randy Pennington: Stay Nimble to Make Your Millions! Randy Pennington helps leaders deliver positive results in a world of change and uncertainty. He\'s an award-winning author, hall of fame speaker, and trusted adviser to business owners and leaders from small business entrepreneurs to the Fortune 100. Like this Podcast? Get every episode delivered to you free!\xa0 Subscribe in iTunes And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast… and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763 Welcome to the Conscious Millionaire Show for entrepreneurs and business owners who want to Make Your First Million, with Host, JV Crum III. In today\'s episode of his Conscious Millionaire Mindset series, JV coaches you on... Double Your Impact Like this Podcast? Get every episode delivered to you free!\xa0 Subscribe in iTunes And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763 Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Steve Sims: How to Make the Impossible POSSIBLE in your Business As the founder of Bluefish, one of the top personal concierge services, and an expert marketer within the luxury industry, Steve has been quoted in various publications & TV including the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, Londons Sunday Times, South China Morning Post and many more. A best selling Author with "BLUEFISHING - the art of making things happen, sought-after consultant and a speaker at a variety of networks, groups and associations as well as the Pentagon and Harvard twice! Want to sing with your favorite rock star, be serenaded by Andre Boceli, walk the red carpet at A List Oscar parties, get married in the Vatican, Dive to the wreck of the Titanic these are just a few highlights of what Steve has been asked to provide for his clients. He makes the impossible, possible, after all he is quoted as The Real Life Wizard of Oz" by Forbes and Entrepreneur Magazine An entrepreneur in the truest sense of the word, Steve is well regarded within the luxury world for his innovation and down-to-earth personality. Known for his honesty, integrity and doing things his way, Steve creates experiences for his clients that they could never have imagined being possible.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts!\xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763 \xa0 Welcome to the Conscious Millionaire Show for entrepreneurs who want to Make Your First Million, with your Host, JV Crum III…\xa0     Arjuna Ardagh: Discover Your Unique Gift Through Spiritual Awakening Arjuna Ardagh is an Awakening Coach, writer and public speaker. He has trained more than 1500 people become facilitators of awakening. He is the author of eight books, including the #1 National Bestseller The Translucent Revolution, and the new book Better than Sex. Like this Podcast? Get every episode delivered to you free!\xa0 Subscribe in iTunes And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast… and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763 \xa0 Welcome to the Conscious Millionaire Show for entrepreneurs who want to Make Your First Million, with your Host, JV Crum III…\xa0     Katy Bray: How to Ignite Your High Level Intuition Katy Bray is a clairvoyant, energy worker and co-founder of Live with the Lights On. She is also a Vedic Counselor and dancer. She is the creator of Energy Architecture and Medicinal Movement. She is an author, speaker, retreat facilitator and a catalyst for all who seek her counsel. Like this Podcast? Get every episode delivered to you free!\xa0 Subscribe in iTunes And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast… and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Want a High-Profit Business that Makes a Difference? This is the show designed for small and mid-size business conscious entrepreneurs who want to make a big impact and big profits.  Join  JV Crum III, mindset and strategy expert, as he goes inside the minds of millionaire entrepreneurs and world-class experts on conscious business, marketing, sales. mindset, management, and scaling profits. Named one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts by Inc Mag and heard by millions of listeners in 190 countries. More info, visit www.ConsciousMillionaire.com. To book JV as Guest or Speaker:, please email jvcrum3@ConsciousMillionaire.com  Get FREE eBook: Profit Engineering from Cogent Analytics www.cogentanalytics.com/profit', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/20/9e/dc/209edc82-43d4-508a-51a4-ec913515d164/mza_3121490988827126527.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-09-12'}}

{'Moving Up': {'title': 'Moving Up', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Moving-Up-id1775274', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Alex Grodnik', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 303, 'play_count': 2865, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://soundcloud.com/user-760533378'], 'ep_total': 109, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:41:23', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:24:59', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:41:09', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:37:28', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:37:43', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:25:11', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:32:20', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:35:24', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:39:14', 0], ['2019-07-30', '00:29:18', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Immad has gone from startup to startup. Joining a company already in YC, starting a video game company and now a bank for startups. Also, his advice for how to network successfully. | Colin had a huge career in finance (GE Capital, Amex and Wells Fargo). He got the experience, identified the problem, and started Varo to re-invent the model. Also, banking in the US vs UK. | Bryce began his career in investment banking and then left Wall Street when his real estate private equity group was shut down in 2008. Deciding to become an entrepreneur, trying to start a bank from scratch and a debit card with credit card style rewards. Also, some advice for going from finance to tech. www.realvision.com/wso | Founding Tilt and the learnings from the incredible journey. Now building a real estate tech company to simplify the mortgage process. Working on difficult problems that will can change the world and being stubborn on where you want to be but flexible on how you get there. www.realvision.com/wso | Getting a job at Capital One before it was called fintech. The importance of exploration in a career, what to look for in your job and the future of consumer finance.\xa0realvision.com/wso.\xa0 | John is a pioneer in the outsourcing business – hiring workers from the Philippines to automate your life. The importance of keeping your burn low in the beginning of any new startup, making money online and cutting out the middleman. | The founder and CEO of Bloomreach (an AI powered software platform for ecommerce businesses) chats about starting his career at Lazard and turning down HBS to join a startup. How he started his entrepreneurial journey and 2 big pieces of advice for how to take the power in the job search process. | Joseph is the co-founder of Neighbor, the Airbnb of storage. Turning down a job at Bain, how to raise capital from business competitions and create FOMO with investors at the same time. Also, building a company guided by values and why it’s all about the people. | Adam discovered his interest in venture capital while in law school then hustled his way into the industry by offering to work for free. Not being afraid to do the work, going deep and the importance of focus. Starting Clarity Money and selling it to Goldman Sachs 18 months later for $$$. | “Startup guy” Ben discusses how to set intentions for your career. The virtues of starting off at a big company (Microsoft) and how to think entrepreneurially within a large organization. Also, why side projects are so important. www.onlinemba.unc.edu/wso', 'chan_desc': 'Hear directly from business leaders. Secrets to success, struggles along the way, optimal career paths and life in general.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts128/v4/7f/3a/a1/7f3aa1cf-2289-58dd-a2e0-12d90764d718/mza_3766454059874394914.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-04-03'}}

{'Business Lunch': {'title': 'Business Lunch', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Business-Lunch-id1491657', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Roland Frasier', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 170, 'play_count': 9145, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.businesslunchpodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 93, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:35:30', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:09:29', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:58:40', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:06:28', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:47:56', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:06:22', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:58:29', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:04:34', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:48:47', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:03:35', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': '“Everyone can be hypnotized, there’s no one who can’t be”. Grace Smith Optional\xa0exercise/meditation (around 20 minutes in).\xa0Listen responsibly!\xa0You could become overly relaxed while listening to this episode!\xa0 Today, Roland Frasier gets deep into a fascinating discussion with Grace Smith,\xa0who if you haven’t already heard of her, is on a Mission to Make Hypnosis Mainstream. We get to hear the powerful story that fuels her passion and launched her career which has blown up to a 7-Figure business. As a pioneer in the Hypnotherapy field, her private clients including Fortune 500 CEOs, A-list celebrities, Olympic athletes and government officials. She is Founder of the world’s #1 provider of hypnosis education, products, and services,\xa0Grace Space Hypnosis.\xa0 In this episode Grace actually takes Roland (and us) through a 3 minutes exercise that will give listeners a taste of hypnotherapy. If you want to learn more in-depth about Grace and what she does, visit her website and follow her on social (links below). “If you don’t want the result you won’t experience the result”. - Grace Smith \xa0 Listen For  A three-minute demonstration (on Roland) and Grace’s explanation of how it works! How Grace sold close to 100 sessions in under 24 hours. What it was that caused her to consider hypnotherapy for herself and the \'miracle\' that changed everything. What distinguishes her hypnotherapy and her programs from the rest. How Hypnotherapy accesses the critical Theta Brain state of our sub-conscious. The hardest thing about being a hypnotherapist - even with life-changing results and amazing success. How she practices self-hypnosis. Why many of the sessions at her practice are MORE effective over the phone. What Grace would do differently if she could go back and start her business again. What she would do if they had the capital - AND Roland’s better idea!  “I have no doubt Hypnosis will be mainstream and it will become a billion-dollar industry. It’s more effective than meditation, yoga, and psychotherapy at changing lives…and all three of those are billion-dollar industries…so all hypnosis has is a PR issue, an understanding of what Hypnosis is.” Grace Smith Click to visit our website or find us on Apple Podcasts and other\xa0podcast players. Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Connect with us on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. References and Links Mentioned: Grace\'s website  The App  Grace\'s Book Contact & Grace Smith On Facebook On Instagram Through her website Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook On Instagram\xa0 Through his Website\xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast on\xa0ApplePodcasts | Businesses Do Grow Lightning Fast - When They Have To. Click to find us on Apple Podcasts and other podcast players 🎧\xa0 If you’ve been tracking with us on Business Lunch with Roland Frasier, you will have detected a growing theme, with Roland inspiring you to Think Bigger and Move Faster with a mindset adjustment and a smarter approach. In this way, you can indeed 10X your business in a year, or 10 times faster than everyone else thinks it can be done. “There’s no time constraint other than the one that we impose on our growth as a result of our mindset or our physical wellbeing” - Roland Frasier So if you’ve wondered how billion-dollar businesses like Uber, Airbnb or Virgin scaled as fast as they did, this is a phenomenal episode for you. Roland sets out HIS intentions and how he plans to do it. Listen Today for •\xa0The reason Roland is so fired up and hungry • Roland’s examples and evidence that you CAN scale FASTER than you think • The Artificial construct that we’ve been taught that holds us back and the beliefs that we mistake as a reality • The ‘under-indexing’ that we tend to operate at • What we ACTUALLY need to grow quickly • The number one belief that kills dreams •\xa0The two things that are actually growth requirements  Our Mindset Our Physical Condition  “The number one thing that kills dreams and limits our otherwise limitless potential, is not so much a belief that something can’t be done, but a belief that it can only be done linearly, and not exponentially, that it can only done with certain resources and in a certain amount of time. I believe that we can supersede our beliefs and then fold time in half, and then fold it in half again…” Roland Frasier If you want more from Roland, visit our site and sign up for exclusive content from Roland. Also be sure to go back and listen to the last mini-series on Possibility, starting with  episode 83. \xa0 References Mentioned In This Episode James Schramko  Time Collapsing Book  Living With A Seal Book  You Can’t Hurt Me Book \xa0 Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook On Instagram Through his Website \xa0 Follow Business Lunch Podcast On Instagram On Twitter \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Connect with us on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. Click to visit our website or find us on Apple Podcasts and other\xa0podcast players. \xa0 | Roland Frasier got to sit down and dig into conversation with Paul Lemberg, a renowned business coach, and author\xa0who, simply put, helps entrepreneurs make more money. Paul has consulted with Fortune-100 companies like Cisco, Adobe, IBM, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan/Chase, Mass Mutual, and Accenture, but his real and true passion is helping small business owners and CEOs to double and triple their profits, and will sometimes grow their companies more than 10-fold. So whether you\'re a scrappy upstart with no systems in place, or a train in motion ready to scale, this episode has lots of value for the process, nuts, bolts and strategy of scaling up. For more from Paul Lemberg, visit his website here. ”Most people sell one product to one group one time. That’s it!... They’re missing the 10x they’d get if they bothered to monetize the customer.”-Paul Lemberg Listen For  Pauls Two requirements for recognizing scalability in any business What is worth Testing How to master pricing The steps entrepreneurs & salespeople miss time and time again How to improve lead generation How to improve conversion How to improve your margin How to better monetize the customer How to master Systemization & Prioritization (and the use of your time) …And a plan for the beginning when things are ‘scrappy\' and too early to systematize How to make it so your business can run without you - even if you’re an artist!  Plus, Four Questions every business needs to constantly be asking: 1) Are we doing the most to create value for the customer? 2) What value is a customer trying to satisfy when they purchase our product? - Is there anything else I can provide that would help them obtain that value?  3) What else does a person who\'s thinking about X need that I can also help them with? 4) What’s the capacity of this business to deliver more of what it\'s got without investing more in?” “You want consistent and predictable results so that no matter who\'s\xa0running the process/system in your business it works out roughly the same way.”\xa0Paul Lemberg\xa0 Click to visit our website or find us on Apple Podcasts and other\xa0podcast players. Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook On Instagram\xa0 Through his Website \xa0 Contact & Follow Paul Lemberg On Twitter On Instagram\xa0 Through his website \xa0 References and Links Mentioned:  Always Be Testing by Bryan Eisenberg\xa0  Be Like Amazon  Waiting for Your Cat to Bark  My Life and Work by Henry Ford  Be Unreasonable by Paul Lemberg \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Connect with us on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. Click to visit our website or find us on Apple Podcasts and other\xa0podcast players. | Have you ever felt that the structure of our society and how things work socially make your goal impossible? If you’ve ever felt this, or that what you want to do might be impossible for another reason, - or that it will take too long, or that “no-one has done it before so it’s probably a pipe dream”… this podcast series is for you. Click to find us on Apple Podcasts and other podcast players 🎧\xa0 This is the last episode in this mini-series. Roland has built a strong case that to achieve exceptional things, you must first sincerely believe that what you want to do is actually possible. If you cannot even conceive and believe that the thing you want to achieve is possible, then your amazingly powerful brain will find a way to support you in that belief. The truth is that there are very few things that are truly impossible. In this episode, our host Roland Frasier joins us with MORE evidence that will inspire you to expand your possibilities and BELIEVE! Roland is known to be ‘The smartest guy in the room’ and this episode gives us a window into his mindset. One that will help you achieve so much more than you thought you could! "Tens of thousands of bold and persistent entrepreneurs before you have stared down doubt, pushed past legal impossibilities, overcome physical impossibilities, dreamt impossible dreams and brought them to reality, broken through immense fiscal impossibilities and persisted past social impossibilities.” Roland Frasier Roland has been breaking down the five categories of commonly held beliefs about Possibility.\xa0  Legally mandated impossibilities (Episode 83) Physical impossibilities (Episode 85) Perceptual impossibilities (Episode 87) Fiscal Impossibilities (Episode 89) Societal Impossibilities  Last but not least, listen today for Roland’s examination of Societal Impossibilities: Have you ever felt that there are too many \'gatekeepers\', or a \'good old boy network\', blackballing, or simply that too many people are competing for the thing that you want? So, therefore ‘it’s just impossible’ to get a break, get noticed and rise above the noise to get a foot in the door? Well, if you’re thinking it’s impossible, then let’s look at what other people facing the similar challenges were able to do, and maybe we will learn that it’s not so impossible after all! • Milton Hershey left school after the 4th grade. He was fired from his first job as a printer’s assistant and then had 2 failed businesses before founding the Lancaster Caramel Company. He grew that to 1,300 employees and sold it for $1 million to fund a new start-up called The Hershey Chocolate Company, which is now worth about $28 billion. • Theodor Giesel, better known as Dr. Seuss, was told that his work was “utter rubbish” and received 27 rejections before finally succeeding in publishing “And To Think I Saw It On Mulberry Street.” His books have now sold over 600 million copies in 20 different languages. •\xa0Albert Einstein didn’t even speak a word until he was 4 years old and performed poorly at school. His parents thought he had a learning disability and he dropped out of school at age 15. He even flunked the entrance exam when he tried to go to college. But, by age 26, he had forever revolutionized scientific understanding with his Theory of Relativity and Quantum Theory of Light. • Stephen King, who has sold over 350 million books, was rejected 30 times before he found a publisher. •\xa0Oprah Winfrey was born in poverty in rural Mississippi, ran away from home at 13, had a child at age 14 and lost it, and was molested by no fewer than three of her close family members. Her first T.V. show totally bombed, but eventually, she was able to build an empire that creates a personal net worth of over $2.9 billion. •\xa0Thomas Edison famously said, “I have not failed 10,000 times, I’ve found 10,000 ways that will not work.” In addition to failing to invent the electric lightbulb over 1,000 times, Edison also enjoyed several other spectacular failures, including the automatic vote recorder, the electric pen, the tinfoil phonograph, the talking doll, ore mills and separators, the Edison Home Service Club, and the Home Projecting Kinetoscope. •\xa0Walt Disney was rejected by bankers over 300 times when trying to get the funding he needed to get his Mickey Mouse empire off the ground. He also was fired by a newspaper for “not being creative enough.” His first cartoon business, Laugh-O-Gram, went bankrupt. He suffered a mental breakdown, and an unscrupulous producer stole Disney’s first big commercial success, Oswald The Lucky Rabbit and all of Walt’s animators and left Disney with nothing. Disney took it in stride though. He said, “you may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you!”. He continued, “It is good to have a failure... because it teaches you so much. For one thing, it makes you aware that such a thing can happen to anybody, and once you’ve lived through the worst, you’re never quite as vulnerable afterward.” Today, Walt Disney Co has about a 1/4 Trillion dollar market cap. So... Do you still think you can’t overcome the odds and make the impossible happen? Tens of thousands of bold and persistent entrepreneurs before you have stared down doubt pushed past legal impossibilities, overcome physical impossibilities, dreamed impossible dreams and brought them to reality, broken through immense fiscal impossibilities and persisted past social impossibilities. "All you have to do is believe that you can do what you desire and then have the vision, tenacity, grit, and persistence to make it happen.\xa0I believe in you! Now you go and make the change. Go and be the change!”\xa0- Roland Frasier Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook\xa0 On Instagram\xa0 Through his Website Follow Business Lunch Podcast On Instagram On Twitter \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Connect with us on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. Click to visit our website or\xa0Click to find us on Apple Podcasts and other podcast players. \xa0 | “I owe other humans my honesty”- Danette May Today we have a great episode with Roland Frasier and Danette May,\xa0the founder of Mindful Health and iRise organics. She’s a world-renowned motivational speaker, #1 best-selling author (of seven health and empowerment books), and former celebrity fitness trainer. Just a few years ago she was a single mom with nothing to her name, but she had a clear dream to "Inspire women to change their bodies through healing foods, healing movement, and healing mindset - so that they could rise up”. Her companies are now scaling so fast that she has to be fiercely intentional about keeping the brand authenticity. Roland and Danette get into some great topics and takeaways today, but if you want to dig deeper, visit Danette’s website\xa0and connect with her on social media (scroll down for links).\xa0 “It\'s been 5 and a half years. We literally started with $47. I had $47 to my name and then in 5 years we hit the high 8 figures” Danette May Listen for,  The #1 Key to building a loyal customer fanbase. What ‘soul writing’ is and what it looks like for Danette. The key partnership that she knew she needed that preceded her success. The questions she ritually asks herself and the success she attributes to this practice. The question to ask yourself as an entrepreneur that’s more. effective than broad big thinking: “What’s the next big move that I can take right now?” The key thing she believes is often standing in the way of more sales. Danette\'s advice to entrepreneurs on developing and staying true to what you stand for. The marketing tactics wins, and pitfalls Danette has used and still uses now.\xa0 The Facebook Ads breakthrough that took her business to another level. What she found was the best content for her Facebook Lives and why. The progression of her content and the offers she’s been making along the way. How Danette approaches and combats her everyday stresses. How she builds a company culture (with everyone working remotely). How she stays inspired and fiercely committed to her mission. The biggest challenge in her fast-growing companies. How she goes about finding the right employees and what she looks for in prospective leaders.\xa0  Plus!  Roland shares what his current challenges are and how he\'s going after what he wants to do next. Danette’s favorite travel hacks Roland’s recommendation for THE best hot chocolate in the world  "The entrepreneurial journey is the most spiritual journey you\'ll ever take. You\'ll learn every facet of yourself: the shadow, the light, all of it... It\'s quite fascinating." - Danette May\xa0 Click to visit our website,\xa0find us on  ApplePodcasts, or\xa0find us on your preferred podcast player. \xa0 Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook\xa0 On Instagram\xa0 Through his Website\xa0 \xa0 Contact & Follow Danette May On Instagram\xa0 On Twitter\xa0 On Facebook Visit DanetteMay.com or\xa0https://iriseorganics.com/ \xa0 References and Links Mentioned: Danette’s Sleep Crown Pillow  The Stages of Business Growth(Roland refers to this in their conversation) \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch with Roland Frasier on Apple Podcasts\xa0 Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Subscribe on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. \xa0 \xa0 | What’s possible (and not possible) with regards to Business? “Don’t fail to excel because your mom says you can’t. It’s just not a good enough reason… Massive, rapid, hyper-growth, is in fact very possible.” Roland Frasier If you’ve ever felt like what you want to do might be impossible, or that it will take too long, or that “no-one has done it before so it’s probably a pipe dream”… this podcast series is for you. Roland establishes that to achieve exceptional things, you must first sincerely believe that what you want to do is actually possible. If you cannot even conceive and believe that the thing you want to achieve is possible, then your amazingly powerful brain will find a way to support you in that belief.\xa0 The truth is that there are very few things that are truly impossible. In this episode, our host Roland Frasier joins us with MORE evidence that will inspire you to expand your possibilities and BELIEVE! Roland is known to be ‘The smartest guy in the room’ and this episode gives us a window into his mindset. One that will help you achieve so much more than you thought you could! To help us examine the issues, Roland discusses the five categories of commonly held beliefs about Possibility, and we hone in today on the fourth of these; Fiscal Impossibilities.  Legally mandated impossibilities (Episode 83) Physical impossibilities (Episode 85) Perceptual impossibilities (Episode 87) Fiscal Impossibilities (Today) Subscribe on  Apple Podcasts for next week’s episode  Today, Listen for Roland’s examination of Fiscal Impossibilities •\xa0You don’t have to grow your business like everybody else. •\xa0Your friends and family and business advisors and attorneys and accountants and everyone else(!) may tell you it’s going to take 3 to 10 years… We argue that you can achieve your 10-year goals in 6 months (Peter’s argument), and I’m saying you can follow my 4 step plan to 10X your business in the next 12 months. Listen for some hyper-rapid scaling case studies that support what Uncle Peter and I are saying and prove how fast it is possible to scale revenue, customers, and employees... • Desktop Metal (3-D printing company) hit $1 billion valuation in 21 months. • Groupon reached $1 billion in sales in just over 2 years. • One year after launch, Google was answering 3.5 million search queries, per day. • Tesla has hired 37,000 employees over the past 9 years. • Grail (cancer-fighting company) was worth $1 billion a year and 9 months after it started. • Electric Scooter Company, Bird, reached $1 billion valuation in only 2 months after its first funding round. • Priceline reached $1 billion in sales in just over 2 years. • Amazon scaled from 11 employees at start-up in 1997 to 614 just 2 years later. One year later it had 2,100! It then added 3,500 employees per year each of the 2 following years. And, here’s the whopper, Amazon added 335,200 new employees in the 2 years between 2015 and 2017. •\xa0Groupon handled $2 billion in Billings in its first 2 years. •\xa0LinkedIn reached 1 million users in its first 494 days of operations. • Office Depot reached $1 billion in sales in less than 5 years. • YouTube had 1 billion users in 8 years and 1 month • Alibaba went from 0% to 84% of all eCommerce purchases in China in just 4 years. • Facebook reached its first 100 million users in just 55 months and its 2nd 100 million 8 months later. It was worth $1 billion just over 2 years after founding and hit the magical 1 billion user mark 8 years and 8 months after it began. •\xa0Juul (the vaping company) was founded in May 2015, and less than 36 months later it owned 72% of the e-cigarette market. It grew from its first funding round to a valuation of $10 billion in just 7 months. • WhatsApp hit 1 billion users in 8 years and 6 months. So, when you’re telling yourself that it’s impossible to grow your $10k, $100k, $1M or $10M business 10x in the next 12 months, just read through that list above and remind yourself of how much easier it is for you to 10x your business than it was for them, and just how very possible it is for you to make it happen in your business. If you want more on this from Roland Frasier, visit our website\xa0and leave us your email, and be sure to\xa0subscribe on Apple Podcasts for\xa0the next installment in this series. We have snack size episodes on Mondays with Roland and longer ‘sit down’ business lunch episodes on Wednesdays. \xa0 References and Links Mentioned: Peter Thiel \xa0 Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook On Instagram\xa0 Through his Website\xa0 \xa0 Follow Business Lunch Podcast On Instagram On Twitter \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast\xa0 Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Subscribe on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. Click to visit our website or find us on your preferred podcast player. \xa0 \xa0 | The Power Of Brand Consistency The concept of branding is thrown around a lot these days but there’s few with a better handle on what that means than Bernt Ullman. Bernt has a weighty and impressive trail of success in fashion and branding with the likes of Donna Karan whom he took from 40m to 250m in international revenue. Roland and Bernt talk today and garner some great takeaways for you, our listeners. Mr. Ullmann has been the trusted business acceleration expert by CEOs such as Daymond John, Eddie Lampert, and Tommy Hilfiger. He’s arguably the world’s leading expert in celebrity brand development, brand management, licensing and distribution, and monetization - having contributed to the successful launches of brands for clients including Jennifer Lopez, Adam Levine, Nicki Minaj, and many others. The brands he has worked with have generated over $6 billion dollars in global sales, and as such, some call him the “6 Billion Dollar Man”. But Bernt didn’t start out in high fashion, he had a more down-to-earth start with his launch of Scandinavia\'s first home delivery pizza service, Pizza Pronto, in Copenhagen. All that to say, we think you’ll enjoy his story and will benefit from his experience! If you want to dive deeper, check out his website and his book, the  Billion Dollar Branding Blueprint. "You cannot be \'best in class\' within every single product category. It\'s just not even credible... I believe in concentrate and dominate. Be really, really good at what you\'re good at. If you want to be a global lifestyle brand, you need to have a number of different product verticals, but it\'s not logical that you\'re the best operator for every single vertical."- Bernt Ullman Listen For  The \'Good, Better, Best\' pricing strategy that Bernt learned at Donna Karan that caters to people who can’t afford higher-end products and pricing, but still protects the feeling of exclusivity at the higher end. \'Halo Products\' and Brand Essence. Consider the emotion you want your brand to evoke and make sure that feeling is consistent across all your product lines and everything you do as a company. This is Brand Consistency.\xa0 How licensing can help you expand your brand and ensure better quality - without tapping out your resources The three ingredients that make up all great brands: Authenticity, Aspiration, and Credibility. Find out what you can do when you have all these under your belt! What Bernt learned from his first entrepreneurial venture, Pizza Pronto. How he moved to LA and managed to get a foot in the door at Barneys, Nordstrom, and Nieman Marcus. How he and his partner worked with a ‘factoring company’ to fund the orders (listen for Roland’s explanation of what a factoring company is/does). How he took Donna Karan from $40 million to $250 million in international revenue. The Price Anchoring tactics FUBU used to sell ‘boatloads’ of high-end jeans. How to put your brand ‘on steroids’.  “At the end of the day, brands are about trust". - Bernt Ullmann \xa0 Click to visit our website or find us on your preferred podcast player. References and Links Mentioned:  The Power of Broke by Daymond John  The Billion Dollar Branding Blueprint.\xa0 \xa0 Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook\xa0 On Instagram\xa0 Through his Website. Contact & Follow Bernt Ullmann At his Website On Facebook On LinkedIn \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast! Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Connect with us on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. \xa0 \xa0 Follow @BizLunchPodcast on Twitter and Instagram | Can you accomplish your 10-year goals in 6 months? If you’ve ever felt like what you want to do might be impossible, or that it will take too long, or that “no-one has done it before so it’s probably a pipe dream”… this podcast series is for you. Roland establishes that to achieve exceptional things, you must first sincerely believe that what you want to do is actually possible. If you can\'t even conceive and believe that the thing you want to achieve is possible, then your amazingly powerful brain will find a way to support you in that belief. The truth is that there are very few things that are truly impossible. In this episode, our host Roland Frasier joins us with evidence that will inspire you to expand your possibilities and BELIEVE! Roland is known to be ‘The smartest guy in the room’ and this episode gives us a window into his mindset. One that will help you achieve so much more than you thought you could! “If these amazing formerly assumed impossible things can be invented and these formerly thought unachievable human feats can be done, then surely you can hit your 10-year business goals in 6 months, or accomplish in 1 year what most would take 3 or 5 years to accomplish.” Roland Frasier To help us examine the issues, Roland discusses the five categories of commonly held beliefs about Possibility, and we hone in today on the third, Perceptual impossibilities.  Legally mandated impossibilities (Episode 83) Physical impossibilities  (Episode 85) Perceptual impossibilities (Today)  If you lived only a few hundred years ago, you would have never thought it possible to... • Transplant a heart, but Christiaan Bernard did and made it happen in 1967; •\xa0Fly people in a powered aircraft, but Wilbur and Orville Wright dispelled that impossibility at Kitty Hawk in 1903. •\xa0Drink from any water source safely without fear of bacterial infection, but Vestergaard Frandsen made it possible with The Lifestraw in 2006. • Hold a computer in the palm your hand that could access the world’s information, answer any question you asked by voice, predict the weather, connect you to any human anywhere in the world, and even\xa0monitor your health!\xa0 But, we have that too, thanks to... Theodore Paraskevakos, who patented the idea of the Smart Phone back in 1973; The invention of the electromagnet by Karl Gauss and Wilhelm Weber; The telephone by Antonio Meucci and a practicals application of it by Alexander Graham Bell; Creation of the Internet via TCP/IP by Robert Kahn and Vint Cerf; and Voice recognition, thanks to L.E. Baum, who created the Hidden Markov Model based on Ruslan Stratonovich’s work on the optimal nonlinear filtering problem. “Whatever the [human mind] can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”\xa0- Napoleon Hill\xa0 Almost nothing that we believe to be possible is impossible. If you want more on this from Roland Frasier, visit our website\xa0and leave us your email, and be sure to\xa0subscribe on your preferred podcast platform for\xa0the next installment in this series. We have snack size episodes on Mondays with Roland and longer ‘sit down’ business lunch episodes on Wednesdays. Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook On Instagram Through his Website\xa0 Follow Business Lunch Podcast On Instagram On Twitter \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast\xa0 Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Connect with us on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. Click to visit our website or find us on your preferred podcast player. | How To Have More In Every Area Of Your Life If you’ve ever felt like you’re not as far along as you should be in life and in business, this episode is going to help you operate on a whole new level! David Bayer\xa0talks with Roland today about his exploding business that helps entrepreneurs with personal and business growth. Born out of his own experience of hitting a ceiling with personal growth, David was driven to find a way to create permanent radical change. He now offers a digital program called Mind Hack, as well as live events and certification programs too. If you find yourself in ‘un-intelligent’ Fight or Flight thinking, habits, and feelings, David Bayer will shed some light today and help you to understand what’s happening. “But despite my professional success, it was never enough. I was never enough. I lived in a world of comparing myself to others. Of working long hours and constantly living in some form of stress, anxiety or overwhelm. The only relief I’d experience was when I was high, or drunk, or ironically...working”, David Bayer Listen in for insight and encouragement!  Why you revert to your ‘same brain’ even after Personal growth highs. Why your Spiritual practice doesn’t seem to be enough. How to operate as consistently as possible from a powerful state - not in ‘para-sympathetic’ state of fight or flight. When you’ve moved into fight or flight, there’s only one cause, and it’s your thinking. When you experience suffering - it’s not caused by your experience but the meaning you’ve given your experience. How to fundamentally re-orientate yourself with your reality. The brain is a goal-achieving machine so it’s imperative that we learn to recognize the truth of what we’re thinking. How being in acceptance of where we are, will actually help us to move further along the road. How to operate out of joy, creativity, inspiration, vitality as opposed to fear or angst.  Click to visit our website or find us on your preferred podcast player. Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook On Instagram\xa0 Through his Website Contact & Follow David Bayer On Twitter Through his website On Facebook References and Links Mentioned:  Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill  The Power of Decision By Raymond Charles Barker The Mind Hack Program The Powerful Living Experience\xa0 \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Connect with us on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. Follow @BizLunchPodcast on Twitter and Instagram | What if you have physical challenges? If you’ve ever felt like what you want to do might be impossible, or that it will take too long, or that “no-one has done it before so it’s probably a pipe dream”… this podcast series is for you. Today, our host Roland Frasier joins us with some heavy-hitting inspiration and evidence that will inspire you to expand your possibilities and BELIEVE! Roland is known to be ‘The smartest guy in the room’ and this episode gives us a window into his mindset. One that will help you achieve so much more than you thought you could! In business, can you achieve your 10-year goals in 6 months? Is the possible only limited by your mindset, or are there possibilities that elude you which are simply beyond your reach? Throughout history, we have seen the limits of the possible expanded again and again. “If these amazing formerly assumed impossible things can be invented and these formerly thought unachievable human feats can be done, then surely you can hit your 10-year business goals in 6 months, or accomplish in 1 year what most would take 3 or 5 years to accomplish.” Roland Frasier But How? Roland explained that first, you must sincerely believe that what you want to do is actually possible. If you cannot even conceive and believe that the thing you want to achieve is possible, then your amazingly powerful brain will find a way to support you in that belief. The truth is that there are very few things that are truly impossible. In this series, Roland discusses five categories of commonly held beliefs about Possibility:  Legally mandated impossibilities (See episode 83) Physical impossibilities Subscribe to this podcast for next week’s episode.  What about those who shattered previously believed notions of what was possible with physical challenges or limitations? \xa0 If you think you can’t achieve something because your physical condition is stopping you, look at what these people overcame to achieve the impossible! • Beethoven composed 5 of his best symphonies while he was deaf. • Marlee Matlin became an actress and won an Academy Award despite being deaf since she was one and a half years old. •\xa0Stephen Hawking was completely paralyzed and couldn’t speak, yet he was married twice, had 3 children, and became one of the most respected and famous physicists of our time. • Ray Charles lost his sight at age 7 but went on to begin recording at 17 and eventually won 12 Grammy Awards. • Helen Keller became a published author with several books and 400+ articles despite becoming blind and deaf at age one and a half. •\xa0Richard Branson has dyslexia but somehow managed to build 12 different billion-dollar businesses. If you want more on this from Roland Frasier, visit our website\xa0and leave us your email, and be sure to\xa0subscribe on your preferred podcast platform for\xa0the next installment in this series. We have snack size episodes on Mondays with Roland and longer ‘sit down’ business lunch episodes on Wednesdays. Contact & Follow Roland On Facebook On Instagram Through his Website Follow Business Lunch Podcast On Instagram On Twitter \xa0 Subscribe & Review Business Lunch With Roland Frasier Podcast Thanks so much for joining us this week. Want to subscribe to\xa0Business Lunch with Roland Frasier? Have some feedback you’d like to share? Connect with us on\xa0ApplePodcasts and leave us an honest review! Your feedback will not only help us improve the show, but it will help us connect with more high flyers like you. Click to visit our website or find us on your preferred podcast player.', 'chan_desc': 'Subscribe to Business Lunch with Roland Frasier.How much more successful would you be if you had lunch once a week with an insanely successful entrepreneur who shared their biggest secrets on how they think and achieve success? Well, now you can! Grab your seat at the table as successful entrepreneurs reveal their step-by-step strategies, fascinating stories, great wine, travel hacks and other delicious tidbits each week with serial entrepreneur/business strategist, Roland Frasier.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/73/1c/af/731caf65-6ede-31bf-1f81-6c656a30b2f6/mza_3154183035113114840.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-11-14'}}

{'Serve Scale Soar': {'title': 'Serve Scale Soar', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Serve-Scale-Soar-id2307160', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Brandi Mowles', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3, 'play_count': 8, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://servescalesoar.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:18:17', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:30:43', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:16:59', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:15:49', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:19:04', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:10:17', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "How can you use affiliate marketing in your service-based business?\xa0 I know there is a hot topic that everyone loves to talk about….passive income.\xa0 In today’s episode, I will be discussing passive income. But not the membership and course creation type of passive income (which really isn’t passive by the way).\xa0 Today I will be talking all about affiliate income so let’s dive into today’s episode!\xa0 \xa0 Value Bombs:\xa0 \xa0  How you can have a successful affiliate income even if you have a small email list Affiliate income doesn't have to be salesy! All you have to do is share your favorite systems and products with your audience or clients How to use affiliate marketing in a genuine way\xa0 How to use affiliate marketing to cover your business expenses\xa0 Think about the systems and the software you currently use with your clients and apply for those affiliate programs The power of affiliate marketing and how you can continue to make income from current and past clients for months and years to come\xa0 The importance of suggesting software and programs you love and believe in How to create your services around your affiliate offerings How you can create a resource tab on your website and what to include The importance of building trust with your clients How to make sure you are following the rules about disclosing your affiliate links  \xa0 Ok guys! That’s all for today.\xa0 Make sure to tune in on your favorite platform so you can find out more about affiliate marketing for your service-based business.\xa0 It is one of my favorite income streams! I don’t think enough people are talking about this, so I love sharing about how I have successfully weaved this into my business.\xa0 \xa0 Find me on Instagram @brandiandcompany and tell me what affiliate program you love to share and how you are using affiliate marketing in your service-based business.\xa0 \xa0 Thanks for tuning in! See you guys next week! Until then, make sure you go out and serve your clients and scale your business so you can soar into the six-figure years you deserve!\xa0 \xa0 Subscribe & Review in iTunes Are you subscribed to my podcast? If you’re not, I want to encourage you to do that today so you don’t miss any future episodes! I already have so many amazing guests and topics lined up, I would hate for you to miss a single one!\xa0 Click here to subscribe on Apple Podcasts Could I ask a big favor? If you are loving the podcast, I would LOVE it if you would leave me a review on Apple Podcasts. I read each and every review.\xa0 Plus, you get to pay it forward because it will allow other service providers like you to find the podcast! Wondering how to leave a review? Click here to review, then select “Ratings and Reviews” and “Write a Review”.\xa0 So easy and so appreciated!\xa0 Resources Mentioned in Today’s Episode: \xa0 Don’t forget to check out my resources page!\xa0 Brandi and Company Resources Page\xa0 \xa0 Additional Resources: \xa0 Don’t forget to sign up for my free training >> How to Scale to Consistent 10K Months Without Hiring a Team\xa0 Subscribe to the Podcast Follow Brandi on Instagram\xa0 Follow Brandi on Facebook | What does it take to double your income and create five-figure months in less than 60 days?\xa0 Tune in to today’s episode of the Serve Scale Soar podcast where we will be talking with Gretchen Wheeler.\xa0 Gretchen is one of the members from Serve Scale Soar and we really get to break down her business.\xa0 Gretchen transitioned from a brick and mortar to a very successful Facebook marketing and ads business. What I love most about Gretchen is that it’s not just about the money for her- It’s about her love of helping her clients.\xa0 This is going to be a great one so make sure to tune in!\xa0 \xa0 Value bombs:\xa0 \xa0  The importance of attending in person, live events and conferences Gretchen discusses how she got started… her original plan was not to do FB ads, but to start her own painting membership.\xa0 How helping her friends with their memberships, actually launched her FB ads and marketing business.\xa0 How her experience in the brick and mortar space set her up for success as an online entrepreneur Gretchen is NOT a tech person, yet now she does FB ads for clients\xa0 How you can focus on things that aren't your strengths and work to make them better.\xa0 Gretchen started and ran her business for many months before ever having a Facebook page or a website.\xa0 Why it’s important to concentrate on helping others, not just about making money.\xa0 No matter where you are in your business, you will still have imposter syndrome creep in\xa0 We discuss the importance of relationships in your business How and why Stu McLaren said Gretchen's name on stage at his Tribe Live event and how that changed everything for Gretchen\xa0 The challenges Gretchen has come across working from home\xa0 Why Gretchen’s favorite business tool is Dubsado and how it’s changed her business\xa0 Gretchen discusses the Serve Scale Soar membership and how important community over competition is.\xa0  Well, that wraps up today’s episode. I loved having Gretchen on the show so she could share her story and how much her life and business have changed in such a short period of time. Make sure to tune in next week for another great episode of the Serve Scale Soar Podcast.\xa0 \xa0 Would you be so kind as to head on over to Apple Podcasts and leave me a review?! I love hearing feedback and I want to be able to make these episodes for YOU…. so I need to hear what you love (or don’t!).\xa0 \xa0 I want to give back to YOU so I am doing a fun giveaway.\xa0 I will be giving away one $100 Amazon gift card as well as four $25 Amazon gift cards.\xa0 5 lucky listeners will win, so head on over to Apple Podcasts now and leave a quick review.\xa0 I read each and every one and love hearing from all of you! Before you hit “submit” take a screenshot of your review and head over to servescalesoar.com/review or click here to be entered into the drawing for 1 of 5 Amazon gift cards!\xa0  Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:\xa0 Episode #3: 4 Tools You Should Be Using to Scale Your Service-Based Business Don’t forget to sign up for my free training >> How to Scale to Consistent 10K Months Without Hiring a Team\xa0 \xa0 Where you can find Gretchen:\xa0 Gretchen’s Website\xa0 \xa0 Additional Resources: Serve Scale Soar Website Don’t forget to sign up for my free training >> How to Scale to Consistent 10K Months Without Hiring a Team\xa0 Subscribe to the Podcast Follow Brandi on Instagram\xa0 Follow Brandi on Facebook | On today’s episode of the Serve Scale Soar podcast, we will be talking about the 4 lessons I learned scaling to six figures in 10 months.\xa0 I hope this episode helps you avoid the pitfalls I made so you can scale your business even faster!\xa0 \xa0 Value bombs:\xa0  Why your marketing, your systems, and your business should be SIMPLE! Why you don’t need to have a fancy proposal or website to scale your business The importance of building real relationships in the online space The importance of having a small, deep circle of business friends and mentors Why you should quit following 20 different mentors!\xa0 Talk about overwhelm and mixed messages! Find your core.\xa0 Why you should not base your pricing off of one person’s comment.\xa0 Why doing #allthethings will get you nowhere. How you can simplify your services so you can do what you love, while being able to scale\xa0 Evaluating what services you provide so you can cut what you don't love and what’s not making you money.\xa0 Why offering all the things won't allow you to get known for anything.\xa0  \xa0 That wraps up today’s episode. Would you be so kind as to head on over to Apple Podcasts and leave me a review?! I love hearing feedback and I want to be able to make these episodes for YOU…. so I need to hear what you love (or don’t!).\xa0 \xa0 I want to give back to YOU so I am doing a fun giveaway.\xa0 I will be giving away one $100 Amazon gift card as well as four $25 Amazon gift cards.\xa0 5 lucky listeners will win, so head on over to Apple Podcasts now and leave a quick review.\xa0 I read each and every one and love hearing from all of you! Before you hit “submit” take a screenshot of your review and head over to servescalesoar.com/review or click here to be entered into the drawing for 1 of 5 Amazon gift cards!\xa0 That’s all for today! Until next time!\xa0     Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:\xa0  Listen to Episode 2-\xa0 4 Things Service Providers Should Track\xa0 Listen to Episode 3- 4 Tools Service Providers Should Use\xa0 \xa0 Additional Resources: Serve Scale Soar Website \xa0 Don’t forget to sign up for my free training >> How to Scale to Consistent 10K Months Without Hiring a Team\xa0 Subscribe to the Podcast Follow Brandi on Instagram\xa0 Follow Brandi on Facebook | On today’s episode of the Serve Scale Soar podcast, we will be talking about the 4 tools I used scaling to six figures.\xa0 The even better news is that they cost less than $35 a month! Simple and inexpensive….make sure to tune in!\xa0 \xa0 Value Bombs:  The importance of simplifying your business so you can scale\xa0 The one tool I use to manage my contracts, proposals, scheduler, and bookkeeping.\xa0 Why I LOVE Dubsado and how it simplifies my business.\xa0 Go to servescalesoar.com/dubsado and use code “serve” to get 20% off using my affiliate link.\xa0 The importance of finding a good CRM   How to eliminate using a bunch of free tools so you can improve your client’s experience\xa0 Why Zoom is one of my favorite tools for discovery calls.\xa0 Plus, it’s FREE! Here’s my affiliate link so you can start using it today! servescalesoar.com/zoom\xa0 How to use Google Drive to share assets quickly with clients\xa0 How to improve your customer experience and journey.\xa0 Why I switched from using Asana, Trello and Google Calendar to only using one platform-- ClickUp.\xa0 How I plan my week on Sunday evenings using ClickUp.\xa0 Click here to check out the recent video I did that walks you through my planning process. How I use ClickUp for personal use and client management.\xa0 When you should switch tools and when you shouldn’t- FOMO is real, yall! The importance of streamlining your tools so you can free up time for client work or more time with your family.\xa0 How to get paid easily and have an amazing customer experience.\xa0  \xa0 That wraps up today’s episode. Don’t forget to screenshot this episode and tag me on Instagram @brandiandcompany and tell me what your favorite tools are!\xa0 Make sure to subscribe and tune in to episode 4 where we will be discussing the 4 things I learned scaling to six figures.\xa0 \xa0 So glad you are here! Until next time!\xa0   Additional Resources: Serve Scale Soar Podcast Website\xa0 Don’t forget to sign up for my free training >> How to Scale to Consistent 10K Months Without Hiring a Team\xa0 Subscribe to the Podcast Follow Brandi on Instagram\xa0 Follow Brandi on Facebook | On today’s episode of the Serve Scale Soar podcast we are talking about the 4 things I tracked scaling my business to 6 figures in 10 months.\xa0 I love talking about this because not enough people are tracking the things that actually matter in their business. So many people are focused on tracking things like vanity numbers, email subscribers and Instagram followers.\xa0 STOP! As a service-based entrepreneur, we don’t have to worry about all those numbers. On the episode today we will talk about what you do need to track, so make sure to listen to the whole episode! \xa0 I promise if you start tracking the things that actually matter you will see massive business growth! I challenge you to track these things for 1 month and then report back to me and let me know how it went! On to today’s episode!\xa0 \xa0 Value Bombs:  Why you should be tracking your marketing minutes and what the heck marketing minutes even are!\xa0 How much time you should be spending on your marketing minutes to bring in new clients for your business.\xa0 How to figure out what Facebook groups you should be in and how you should show up when you are there.\xa0 How often you should be showing up in Facebook groups-- plus, I invite you in on a fun little challenge!\xa0 Why you might think you hate discovery calls and how to actually love them How long your discovery calls should actually be How to track your conversion rates on discovery calls so you can plan for months with income dips. What software tools you can use to track your revenue and expenses to make sure you aren’t throwing away money every month. Why you should keep your expenses down, even as your income goes up. The fourth thing I tracked on my way to six figures-- and it’s probably something that will surprise you.\xa0 How to avoid getting burned out and overwhelmed in your business because there is “so much to do!”\xa0 How I ran my business in the beginning and how to avoid following in my footsteps When it’s time to re-evaluate your business and when it might be time to pivot   Make sure to tune in to the podcast this week because I break down all of these in more detail.\xa0 I truly believe that if you track these too, it will help you scale your business. Take my challenge and remember to DM me on Instagram and let me know how you did.\xa0 I love hearing from my listeners! Until next time!\xa0  Additional Resources: Serve Scale Soar Website\xa0 Don’t forget to sign up for my free training >> How to Scale to Consistent 10K Months Without Hiring a Team\xa0 Subscribe to the Podcast Follow Brandi on Instagram\xa0 Follow Brandi on Facebook | Welcome to the Serve Scale Soar podcast!\xa0 In case you don’t already know me, my name is Brandi and I help service-based entrepreneurs scale their business to consistent 5-figure months so they can scale into 6 figure years-- without the hustle, without the grind and without doing #allthethings.\xa0 \xa0 What you can expect in future episodes  Why I think the quickest way to six figures is through a service-based business Interviews from some of the top experts in their field Guest interviews with other entrepreneurs who are growing and scaling their business.\xa0 Learn how to simply and streamline your business so you can scale it How to show up and wow your clients so they keep coming back month after month and become a great source of referrals in your business And SO, SO much more!\xa0  \xa0 Like many of you, I have a little one and a husband at home.\xa0 Family is super important to me and one of the reasons I started this business.\xa0 After my daughter was born we went from two incomes to one. I was at the point where I just needed to make a little bit of extra money and to fulfill the need I had inside of me.\xa0\xa0 \xa0 I started my business as a virtual assistant offering social media management, then Pinterest, and then I found Facebook and Instagram ads.\xa0 That's when I figured out what I loved and that’s when everything changed.\xa0 \xa0 I can’t wait to connect with you guys each week.\xa0 So get out there, serve your clients, scale your business, and soar into those six-figure years you deserve.\xa0 \xa0 Check out the Serve Scale Soar Podcast Website Here\xa0 \xa0", 'chan_desc': 'How do I scale my service-based business to six-figures? How do I balance work and life? How do I make a full-time income online? How do I price my services and where do I find high-end clients? What systems should I have in place? And the biggest question of all, do I have to hire a team, grow an agency or create passive profit to scale my business to six figures?\xa0Welcome to the Serve Scale Soar podcast. Where we answer all these questions and so much more. Your host Brandi Mowles reveals all the questions you have about scaling your\xa0business and how to do it while creating a life you love and without hiring a team. Brandi is sharing all her service-based business tips, strategies, and marketing tips and tricks so you can scale your online business to five-figure months that soar into six-figure years. Discover how you can create a six-figure online business as a virtual assistant, social media manager, Pinterest manager, digital marketer, graphic designer, freelancer, OBM, project manager and solopreneurs.\xa0Make sure to subscribe to the show so you never miss an episode.\xa0Learn more in my free masterclass on “How To Scale To Consistent 10K Months Without Hiring A Team” https://servescalesoar.com/10K', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/c9/f0/4c/c9f04c51-a63f-1168-7553-52a13001ad05/mza_4438386211823024803.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-27'}}

{'THE MOMPRENEUR MASTERMIND SHOW - Podcast for Christian Entrepreneurs': {'title': 'THE MOMPRENEUR MASTERMIND SHOW - Podcast for Christian Entrepreneurs', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/THE-MOMPRENEUR-MASTERMIND-SHOW-Podcast-for-Christian-Entrepreneurs-id1454906', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Stefanie Gass', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 74, 'play_count': 1560, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://themompreneurmastermindshow.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 104, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:47:16', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:08:21', 0], ['2019-09-29', '00:27:33', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:18:02', 0], ['2019-09-22', '00:52:34', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:35', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:18:57', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:18:19', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:29:02', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:47:07', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Are you multi-passionate? Excited about everything (hello enneagram 7s!) but unclear about your niche and where your focus SHOULD go? How about how to craft messaging that resonates and brings your audience in?!Join me on today\'s LIVE COACHING session with powerhouse Krista Pullman. We dig into network marketing transitions, zoning in on messaging, and figuring out a micro-niche. We also discuss Krista\'s upcoming podcast launch and so much more. ENJOY sis!..Wanna do a coaching session with me?! From Powerhour calls to weekly packages, there\'s an option for you. Go to stefaniegass.com/workwithme and learn more.Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizUltimate Podcast Launch Checklist: Download, here.Create an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Think you\'re ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/101 | BONUS EPISODE!!HAPPY ANNIVERSARY OFFERS!2 GIFTS FOR YOU, SIS! LIMITED-TIME & QUANTITY OFFER!!!!!Option 1: Plan Your Podcast, 60% off at stefaniegass.com/planyourpodcastOption 2: Podcast Pro University, $100 off (CODE: SAVE100) stefaniegass.com/podcastprouniversity! BONUS FOR OPTION 2 BUYERS: Next 19 people get a FREE 20 min strategy call with me + Live sessions in the membership group in the membership group for the next 90 days! | I\'m not crying, you\'re crying. You guys... my little Lolas... I couldn\'t have done this without you. You are the reason for this mission. The call is to prepare you, push you, inspire you, and give you every single tool you need to further God\'s kingdom with YOUR gifts. Thank you x100 for being in my sister-hood.In today\'s episode, you will hear\xa07 lessons this podcast has taught me over the past year! And stay tuned for the HUGE 1-year anniversary gift. You\'re gonna love it...Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizUltimate Podcast Launch Checklist: Download, here.Create an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Think you\'re ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/100 | Praying FIERCELY over our children. This message was inspired by this sermon from Citizen Church (formerly Copper Pointe Church).In today\'s episode, you will hear how to pray with intention over your little humans. Why we NEED to model articulate, scripture-led, passionate prayer! I hope you enjoy...Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizUltimate Podcast Launch Checklist: Download, here.Create an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Think you\'re ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/99 | YES! Even coaches need coaching! In this live coaching session, you get to be a fly on the wall inside MY OWN session with Scaling Up Coach, Elizabeth Hartke. In this session, there are tears, break-throughs, and a-ha moments that I would have missed without this deep dive into my heart and business.In today\'s episode, you will learn more about my mission, big, audacious dreams, limiting beliefs, and everything in between. Transparency and authenticity are everything to me. I hope you enjoy...Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizUltimate Podcast Launch Checklist: Download, here.Create an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Think you\'re ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/98 | Being a parent is dang hard sometimes... I know. I struggle too. Although, I\'m blessed with the superpower of self-reflection. This helps me see myself. What can I change to be the best version of me? After inspecting some of my recent mama guilt, I found 3 areas that needed some attention.In today\'s episode, I walk you through 3 simple changes I\'ve made to help me become a more intentional mama. I hope these help you in some way. Sending you love and light...Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizUltimate Podcast Launch Checklist: Download, here.Create an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Think you\'re ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/97 | Do you ever feel like if you\'re not "doing" you are missing out? That if you aren\'t working TOWARDS something... checking off a list... creating... that you are wasting time? For the first time in years I needed to STOP moving long enough to hear God\'s directions. And guess what he said? BE STILL.In today\'s episode, I walk you through a recent season I went through of\xa0being quiet, being still, and prayer and fasting. It was the hardest thing ever for me to trust in the silence. And, it ended up being one of the most transformational phases, too. I received clarity, answers, and miracles during this time.Is God calling you to wait and be still? How to navigate and trust the peace...Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizUltimate Podcast Launch Checklist: Download, here.Create an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Think you\'re ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/96 | "So what do YOU do?" She demanded. I stared blankly at the well-meaning lady at the gym. What DO I do? I feel like it took me forever to come up with an answer to a seemingly simple question. I left and decided I needed to come with MY PITCH.In today\'s episode, I take you through 2 very different answers to the same question, what do you do?\xa0How to craft them and when to use them to either A) answer quickly and move\xa0on with your life, or\xa0B) generate interest and begin cultivating a relationship. This one is a must-listen! Meet you inside!..Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizCreate an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Think you\'re ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/95 | As much as we talk about biz-nassss up in here, most of us are mamas, too. And I think that job is the most important one we have. Over the next few months, you can expect to hear some stellar motherhood topics -- starting with this one!In today\'s episode, I jam with Jennifer Blossom about mama mindset and speaking positivity & life into our kids. I love Jen\'s energy and passion around parenting and I learned so much. I know you will love this episode. Meet you inside!..Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizCreate an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/94 | LIVE COACHING timeeeee! I heard you loud and clear sisters, MORE COACHING STEF! In this session with Courtney Sewell, we dive into feeling stuck and afraid when called to "do more". We tackle her mission and come up with a plan to monetize using an online course, which we map out together in detail.In this episode, you will learn what questions to ask yourself when soul searching, how to\xa0niche in and clarify your avatar, and how I map out online courses with my private clients!Enjoy my friend.Love and light,Stef..Is Podcasting Right for You? Free QuizCreate an online organic sales funnel using podcasting! Ready to start your very own show?! Check out my free training:\xa010 Steps to PodcastingFB Community: bit.ly/successsupportgroupInstagram: @stefaniegassShow Notes & Links Mentioned: stefaniegass.com/blog/93', 'chan_desc': "The #1 Podcast For Christian MompreneursJESUS +  Coffee + Online Marketing, Sales, Entrepreneurship, Mindset + A Whole Lotta Hot-Mess-Mama Sprinkled In!DID WE JUST BECOME BEST FRIENDS?! Stefanie Gass helps women uncover their God-led calling,  launch successful podcasts and create online courses. She is obsessed with the idea that SHEpreneurs can create passive income businesses that light them up!  Stef’s call is empowering women to claim their BEST lives by working less, yet making more.Stef believes that when we let God's miracles light our path, we will profit from our passions, live proactively, & design a life that fuels our soul. She believes we actually can have it all.In this podcast, you will find faith-based business mentorship, marketing, mindset shifts, inspiring interviews, and soooo much more.Learn -> www.stefaniegass.comConnect -> info@stefaniegass.com", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/ff/7d/57/ff7d574a-787a-c360-9fdb-2cbc192d410f/mza_2655706167059672896.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-10-02'}}

{'Mind Your OT Business': {'title': 'Mind Your OT Business', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Mind-Your-OT-Business-id2067889', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Laura Park Figueroa', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 38, 'play_count': 155, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.mindyourotbusiness.com'], 'ep_total': 12, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-06', '00:52:25', 0], ['2019-08-18', '01:14:44', 0], ['2019-08-03', '00:12:06', 0], ['2019-07-12', '01:09:26', 0], ['2019-07-05', '01:13:55', 0], ['2019-06-21', '00:21:01', 0], ['2019-06-07', '00:10:43', 0], ['2019-05-24', '00:18:51', 0], ['2019-05-10', '00:10:37', 0], ['2019-04-26', '00:11:58', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In this episode, Erica Schuppe of Wild Roots Therapy in Billings, Montana shares how she has grown her successful multidisciplinary trauma-informed pediatric practice, even with 80-90% of her practice's caseload consisting of Medicaid clients.\xa0 We talk about finances, entrepreneurial mindset, business growth, managing a team, and getting un-stuck as entrepreneurs!\xa0 Check out the show notes at www.mindyourotbusiness.com/podcast/12 \xa0 | Kelly is the clinic owner of Occupational Therapy Consulting in Frederick, Maryland & the author of the Ovis the Sheep books for children that teach families about sensory processing in a FUN way! Kelly shares about the process of creating services and products that meet the needs of clients AND practitioners, as well as rock-solid business tips for managing intake calls effectively, structuring your time as a business owner, having an entrepreneur's mindset, and sustainable business growth.\xa0 She's also got some telehealth services and online courses in the works!\xa0 Check out the show notes at www.mindyourotbusiness.com/podcast/11 | This was an unplanned, impromptu solo episode based on a recent conversation I had with my sister in which I had a business epiphany to share with you all. :)\xa0 I talk about how growing a business sometimes requires sacrifice but it doesn't have to feel like a BAD thing if you keep the right mindset... | In this episode, Bradley Williams, occupational therapist and owner of Naturally Gathered in Adelaide, Australia joins me on the podcast to talk all about nature-based therapy!\xa0 We talk all about starting a nature-based practice and HE interviews ME with a ton of great questions about logistics, mistakes made, and best practices in nature-based therapy provision for children. Get the show notes at https://ww.mindyourotbusiness.com/podcast/9 and check out Brad's business (and his fabulous blog) at\xa0https://naturallygathered.com.au | In our first interview episode of Mind Your OT Business, Mandy Chamberlain, MOTR/L shares the ins and outs of how she started the Seniors Flourish podcast and the Learning Lab Membership Site where she shares a wealth of information with occupational therapists who work with older adults. We talk about building a website, marketing, mindset, why entrepreneurs often overwork, and what is most important to keep in mind when starting and running a business.\xa0 Connect with Mandy and check out the Learning Lab at www.seniorsflourish.com! | In this episode, I spill the beans about a $10,000 spend I made early in my business that I don't think was worth it...and a bunch of other fail-learns I had when starting out.\xa0 I hope this will help you avoid the same mistakes when starting YOUR business!\xa0 | Today we talk about designing a LOGO for your business! A logo represents your brand to the public and the process of creating one is super fun...but lots of people don't pay attention to best practices when creating their logo. In this episode, I share lessons learned from working with (expensive!) graphic designers to create my logo and website... to save YOU from having to spend big money, too.\xa0 | Make sure to listen to episodes 3 and 4 for the first two parts of this series on Time Management Tips for the Entrepreneur. Today we have our final installment in the series with 4 more tips, so let’s jump right in!\xa0\xa0 | Make sure to listen to episode 3 for Time Management Tips #1-3. We’re diving right into #4-6 on our Time Management Tips list this episode!\xa0 Get the show notes at mindyourotbusiness.com/podcast/4 | This week's episode starts a 3-part series on how to manage and MAXIMIZE your TIME as an entrepreneur.\xa0 Learn tips and tricks to become more efficient in managing all the to-do's as you manage your business.", 'chan_desc': "The Mind Your OT Business podcast empowers and equips occupational therapy practitioners to be savvy and successful entrepreneurs.  Learn along with the always-honest Laura Park Figueroa as she shares valuable knowledge and resources you need to start, run, and grow a profitable business.  We discuss start-up, systems, organization tools, product development, passive income, marketing, finances, staffing, leadership, preventing burnout, and more.  We'll be learning by DOING...because we're OTs! Ready to take action? Let's jump in!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/4a/57/be/4a57bee5-3131-76a7-6235-4997b33c17ea/mza_3892578646439672415.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-03-22'}}

{'The Do You Even Blog Podcast': {'title': 'The Do You Even Blog Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Do-You-Even-Blog-Podcast-id1331528', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Long-time blogger and friend of the internet.', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 156, 'play_count': 3143, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://dyeb.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 180, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:10:27', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:12:41', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:08:50', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:57:21', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:58:53', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:15:56', 0], ['2019-09-04', '01:10:54', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:34:25', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:37:31', 0], ['2019-08-23', '00:35:04', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'There are many different ways you can attract the “right” audience, and make them more loyal to what you have to say.In this episode we’re showcasing the “double-dip” and the “flat-out” approach, as exemplified by my latest post, found here:\xa0https://doyouevenblog.com/four-stages-of-blogging/Don’t forget, Online Impact launches Monday, October 7th, 2019!Learn more and join the text message waiting list here:\xa0https://onlineimpact.co/ | If you can’t help your audience answer this question—you’re losing out on growth and money.In this 2-part series, I’ll be giving several examples on how to “qualify” your potential customers, blog readers, etc, in order to better attract them to your brand (increasing loyalty and the odds that they’ll buy your products) :)From Seth Godin…“The most important lesson I can share about brand marketing is this: you definitely, certainly, and surely don’t have enough time and money to build a brand for everyone.You can’t. Don’t try. Be specific. Be very specific.”Enjoy! | It\'s the issue I hear about the most - "I wish I had more TIME to work on my blog/podcast/business."Full post here:\xa0https://doyouevenblog.com/find-time/Enjoy! | This is Chelsea Brennan\'s (https://smartmoneymamas.com/) 2nd podcast appearance!However, she\'s done a few things since then, including launching The "ICE Binder," which has grossed over $90k in the past year, and she\'s also launching a *massive* virtual summit (https://mamastalkmoney.com/).In this episode, we chat about products! Discovering ideas, creating and standing out, and launching ;)Full blog post here:\xa0https://doyouevenblog.com/crisscross-drill/Chelsea\'s also an OG member of Online Impact!More here:\xa0https://onlineimpact.co/Come join us ;) | Dr. Stephanie Schuttler (http://stephanieschuttler.com/) is a wildlife biologist, fashionista, and blogger--and she\'s quitting her job this month!We chat about career paths, business models, and different paths she might pursue.Enjoy!**This episode is sponsored by Online Impact! It\'s my membership community for podcasters and bloggers.Learn more at\xa0https://onlineimpact.co/:) | Here\'s what I learned from the conference (TOTALLY applies to all of you really. Not just finance or conference attendees!)Full blog post here:\xa0https://doyouevenblog.com/fincon-2019-takeaways/Ciao ;) | Krissy Eliot has some incredible stories and great writing/journalism wisdom to share with us!Bigfoot blogger? Check.Former sex columnist? Check.Currently interviewing rocket scientists for an aerospace company? Check.Full show notes at:\xa0https://doyouevenblog.com/lessons-learned-sex-columnist-bigfoot-blogger-krissy-eliot/Adios Blog Tribe! | Bethany Bayless is the emcee of FinCon19 (where I\'m headed right now), and the host of The Money Millhouse Podcast.She\'s also incredibly memorable and is a rockstar at connecting with just about ANYBODY at live events.Today\'s she\'s here to help us find more confidence, figure out how to "be ourselves" better, and generally be awesome at meeting people :)More at\xa0https://doyouevenblog.com/how-to-stand-out-memorable-conferences-bethany-bayless/:) | Eric Holland is a friend & blogger at\xa0https://highfivedad.com/\xa0--and he JUST quit his full-time job! Wooo!In this episode, we chat about what\'s he did to make this transition happen--and his gameplan for making it work!The full transcript and show notes can be found here:\xa0https://doyouevenblog.com/eric-just-quit-job-blog-full-time/Enjoy! | Lee started a podcast 11 months ago, and sits down with me LIVE on the Podcast Movement 2019 expo floor to chat podcasting!* How he took the leap and started* How he grew it* What he\'d do differentlyAnd more. Enjoy!Don\'t miss our new Podcast Launch Checklist here:\xa0https://doyouevenblog.com/podcast-launch-checklist/:)', 'chan_desc': "Do You Even Blog is a podcast interviewing top bloggers and online entrepreneurs. We focus on providing value to income-seeking bloggers by going DEEP (1 hour plus) with some of the biggest names in the blogging world. If you've ever had the dream to start a blog, or to make full-time income (or even side-income) from blogging...this podcast is for you, friend! In addition to famous blogger interviews, we also provide a brief summary of the key takeaways at the end of each episode, as well as the show notes! Let's fight blog mediocrity together!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/11/93/2c/11932c7c-b05a-b276-251e-1c6a0fb55e97/mza_5416946989422690538.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-05-02'}}

{'The Wellpreneur Podcast': {'title': 'The Wellpreneur Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Wellpreneur-Podcast-id1296272', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Amanda Cook', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 419, 'play_count': 5132, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://wellpreneuronline.com'], 'ep_total': 241, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:35:26', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:40:09', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:28:53', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:39:16', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:14:57', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:56:50', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:26:59', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:41:32', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:26:35', 1], ['2019-06-03', '00:30:53', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'This week, Amanda interviews Deborah Hanekamp, a founder of Mama Medicine who facilitates medicine reading out of her space in NYC and hosting ceremonies that integrate over 17 years of her experience and wisdom in healing arts. Learn about Deborah’s transition from shutting down her yoga studio to founding Mama Medicine, why she simplifies her business, and what is disempowering teaching for her. Also, Deborah talks about simple practices to step into your inner guidance, how natural cycles affect her rhythms of work, and how working hard is linked with her lineage. At the end of the interview, our guest shares her experience of visiting Ireland, a homeland of her ancestors. More specifically, she reveals what ancestral practice she experienced there as well as the biggest takeaway from the whole trip. An emotional interview, absolutely worth of listening. Tune in and find out more!Here’s what you’ll hear in this episode:•0:32 – Who is Deborah Hanekamp? •1:43 – Let’s connect on Instagram!•2:39  - How Deborah describes what she does•3:21 – Deborah’s experience with shutting down her yoga studio and transition to medicine readings•10:10 – Why Deborah decided to simplify her business with Mama Medicine •11:50 – What is disempowering teaching for our guest and why•13:28 – Simple practices to step into your inner guidance•16:04 – Why people are nature in NYC•17:34 - How natural cycles affect Deborah’s rhythms of work•20:41 – How working hard is linked with Deborah’s ancestral line and why work does not come first in Deborah’s life• 27:38 – Deborah’s Ireland visit i.e. Walking down the paths of her ancestors•30:15 – Ancestral practice that Deborah experienced there and the biggest takeaway from the whole trip•32:51 – Three quick questions for our guest•34:11 – Where you can find more about Deborah’s work and how to connect with herEpisode links available on the website:https://wellpreneuronline.com/category/podcast/Copyright 2019 Wellpreneur Ltd. All Rights Reserved | “The most you can give is when you are filling yourself up.” Selina BarkerThis Monday, Amanda is joined with Selina Barker, a couch, an online course designer, a writer, a podcaster, and co-founder of Project Love. For the past 12 years, she helps people design their lives and create careers they love.In this episode, you will find out how Selina and her team started Project Love and how her business looks nowadays, why self-care is a king for her, and how she approaches it. Furthermore, you will learn the importance to love yourself and to dream. More specifically, you will better understand how through self-love a modern woman breaks ancestral heritage and why is very important to tap into your dreams and take them seriously. A lot of wisdom is in the air this week! Therefore, grab your headphones and get into the flow! Here’s what you’ll hear in this episode:•0:32 – In a short what can you expect from the interview with Selina Barker•1:16 – Shout out to Acuity, one of Amanda’s favorite tools that helped her enormously in her business•4:21 – Wellpreneur Community FB group and how you can discuss this episode  •5:17 – How Selina’s business looks like •6:36 – How Project Love started•11:05 – Do we love ourselves? •13:08 – How through self-love a modern woman is breaking ancestral heritage•16:27 – Selina’s understandings of self-care•21:18 – How to cut through the “noise” and figure out what we want •24:22 – Why you should tap into your dreams and take them seriously•31:00 – What Selina had to let go of in order to step into business and life that has nowadays•33:12 – Selina’s relationship with social media•36:59 – The biggest piece of advice our guest has for you•38:09 – How you can get in touch with Selina and where you can order her journal Goodbye 2019, Hello 2020•39:36 – How you can sign up for Amanda’s free Find Your Flow series Episode links available on the website:https://wellpreneuronline.com/category/podcast/Copyright 2019 Wellpreneur Ltd. All Rights Reserved | You don\'t need to work really, really hard to make results. In contrary, go with the flow, keep taking actions, and you can go far. When you follow natural cycles and align your life and business with seasons everything gets much easier and efficient. This Monday, Amanda reveals several natural cycles and how you can adjust to them in order to enhance your productivity without burning yourself and overall feel well. More specifically, you will learn about the idea of clearing out and how it refers to autumn, how the natural cycle is analog to your business cycle, and what is the monthly and the weekly cycle.Here\'s what you will hear in this episode:•0:32 – What to expect from this episode in a nutshell•1:48 – How a recent life event thought Amanda to work in a chaotic environment•3:38 – How The Wildwood Tarot Deck inspired Amanda to record this episode•6:33 -  Analogy between the natural cycle and your overall life and business cycle•10:12 – Adjusting your life and work with the season we are in•13:33 – The idea of clearing out and how it refers to autumn •15:52 -  How natural cycle corresponds to the project cycle•18:37 – Why you should realign with natural cycles and how Amanda does the same•19:46 – All you need to know about the monthly cycle •20:57 – The last but not the least, the weekly cycle•23:56 – What is the point of all these cycles?•26:15 – Contact Amanda and let her know about your adjustments to these cycles•26:41 – The new membership program at Wellpreneur•27:23 – With a little help from you, let\'s give a shout-out to this podcast!Episode links available on the website:https://wellpreneuronline.com/category/podcast/Copyright 2019 Wellpreneur Ltd. All Rights Reserved | In this week\'s episode, Amanda hosts Toni Newton-Acquah, the daughter of Ghanian immigrants to the USA that returned to her ancestral homeland and started her business in 2017.  Nowadays, she is a founder of Flowers & Moondust, an African wellness company that raises the profile of African wellness ingredients such as Baobab, Moringa, Shea and Cocoa.Toni and Amanda discuss the pull of reconnecting with our ancestors and returning to our ancestral homes, the value and wisdom in rediscovering the medicine of our people, how to learn traditional medicine from other cultures, and the right way to approach it, as well as how much wellness industry can be diversified around the globe. Here’s what you’ll hear in this episode:•0:32 – Introducing Toni Newton-Acquah and what can you expect from this episode•2:59 – The best way to stay updated about the new podcast releases•4:23 – How Tony’s business looks like •6:57 – Tony’s background and how she ended up in Ghana•12:46 – How Tony understand trauma and how it transfers from parents to children•16:11 – How our guest has dealt with her traumas•18:14 – How it felt for Toni when she visited Ghana for the first time•20:14 – Tony’s research of her ancestors and how it helps her personal grow•25:57 – The right way for non-African people to experience Tony’s products and overall African tradition and culture•27:26 – Why is important for Tony to develop her business in Ghana and not from the USA •28:37 – Wellness industry in Ghana•32:50 – How to keep  an interest in traditional wellness alive•37:18 – How you can order Tony’s products if interested (hint, they can be shipped worldwide!) •37:58 - Feel free to send any comments to Amanda regarding this episodeEpisode links available on the website:https://wellpreneuronline.com/category/podcast/Copyright 2019 Wellpreneur Ltd. All Rights Reserved | In this week’s episode, Amanda is guiding us through our ideal day! Imagine waking up in your ideal environment, having a workday that feels right for you, eating the best food for your lunch, and summarizing your thoughts and emotions in the evening. Before we start, Amanda will let you know the environment and tools you need to get the best results from the meditation as well as closing instructions that will help you with your further wellness development. Sit, take your phones, inhale, exhale, press play, and dive in!Here\'s what you will hear in this episode:•0:32 – What you will hear and learn in this episode •1:14 –  Check out Alchemy & Action community •1:53 – The right environment and tools you need for the upcoming guided meditation•3:01 – How to sit, breath and bring the energy to the center of your body•4:33 – Why you should not think during the meditation•5:20 – Imagination of your ideal morning and how it feels•7:36 – The main part of your ideal day – the workday •8:30 – What kind of work is that? •9:01 – Lunchtime and afternoon hours•10:11 – Evening activities and how it looks in your ideal day•10:51 – The summarization of a day and time for bed•11:43 – The end of meditation and going back to the present moment•13:02 – The last instruction Amanda has it for you•14:00 – The program you should check if you are interested in guided visualizationEpisode links available on the website:https://wellpreneuronline.com/category/podcast/Copyright 2019 Wellpreneur Ltd. All Rights Reserved | "You have one life to live and spending time on social media is one of the worst ways you can use your time for success", Dr. Josh AxeThis Monday, Amanda is joined with Dr. Josh Axe, a chiropractor who started developing his online business with the paper newsletter that turned out into a natural health website draxe.com. His brand has over 70 million online visitors per month and counts an incredible team of 150 employees, offering both written content and physical products. He talks about his business journey, how he developed his traffic, and gathered a team. Tune in and find out his insights on running online business in the past when he was starting and today, what is Biblical and Chinese medicine, how we can connect with ancestors, and why social media can be the biggest threat to your personal and business development. Besides, find out about new discounts at Wellpreneur and what can you expect from them! Here’s what you’ll hear in this episode:•0:32 - Amanda\'s introduction of Dr. Josh Axe and what’s new at Wellpreneur •1:45 - Check the discounted price for Alchemy and Action program and what can you expect from the program•8:24 – What you will hear in this episode•9:50 – Sharing is carrying•11:01 – How Josh describes what he does•12:01 – Dr. Axe’s business journey, from beginnings to present•19:50 – What was the main idea of Josh’s business when he was starting•22:42 – When he started developing the retail part of his business•23:52 – The importance of team and Josh’s first hire•27:02 – Three characteristics that are crucial for Josh when he is hiring freelancers•29:35 – Trending topics in the wellness•30:57 – What Biblical medicine is•33:00 – What if we would do the same practices regarding food, medicine, and tradition as our ancestors•38:36 – 5 Elements of Chinese Medicine and where you can find it online•39:38 – How Dr. Axe is related to work and how he keeps his balance•44:00 – How our guest treats social media•50:30 – Josh\'s advice for newbies starting in the wellness industry•54:20 – Where you can find more about Dr. Josh Axe and his workEpisode links available on the website:https://wellpreneuronline.com/category/podcast/Copyright 2019 Wellpreneur Ltd. All Rights Reserved | Ever asked yourself, what if in my business I could do only the things that I wanted to do? What if my business could earn even more money? Could make even more impact by only doing the things I was most excited about doing? This Monday, Amanda shares her insights on recent rebranding of Wellpreneur and how it helped her to focus more on the things in her business that play to her strengths. Tune in and learn to recognize when you should rebrand, how to set the vision, why you should try in a little way, and the importance of making a countdown to the re-launch. Bullet points:•0:32 – What you will hear and learn in this episode •1:28 – All you need to know about Find Your Flow, free email series •2:20 – Who needs to be aligned with their business•4:54 – How to know when you should rebrand your business •9:10 – The second step of rebranding – Setting the vision•13:27 – Check J Nicole Smith’s Magic Maker Podcast and learn from a branding expert•14:37 – Amanda’s new mantra that she learned through her rebranding process•16:09 – Learn to forgive to yourself•17:44 – Why you should try in a little way•19:20 – Rebranding in practice•21:30 – The importance of making a countdown to the re-launch•25:09 – How to get in touch with Amanda if you want to learn more about rebranding strategies•26:24 – The closing question that Amanda has for youEpisode links available on the website:https://wellpreneuronline.com/category/podcast/Copyright 2019 Wellpreneur Ltd. All Rights Reserved | "You will be the person who is doing the thing, not the one that is talking about doing it!", Marianne CantwellIn today\'s episode, Amanda hosts Marianne Cantwell, an author of Be a Free Range Human, a bestseller book in the UK in 2013, and a founder of Free Range Humans blog that developed into a worldwide movement. Marianne reveals what brings meaning to her work, how she structures it, and what is her main focus in business. Learn how to bring the uniqueness and weirdness to your brand, why you should keep testing yourself, and when you can expect the hugely reinvented edition of her book Be a Free Range Human. In addition, Amanda has started a new online program, Find your Flow, the 6 days of bite-sized rituals, remedies, and actions to help you get more done with ease. This program will help you to enhance your focus and productivity. Feel free to check it out, sign up is free! Bullet points:•0:32 - Amanda\'s introduction and her new online program, Find your Flow•3:11 – Why are you listening to the second version of this episode? •4:54 – Who is Marianne Cantwell •6:12 – Why you should bring your uniqueness and weirdness to your brand•10:04 – The moment when Marianne had to bring the originality to the spotlight•14:47 – Why is inconvenient to be authentic•19:15 – Why Marianne wanted to be a girl behind the scene•21:26 – Why you should keep testing yourself•24:52 – How Cantwell is managing here business as a highly sensitive person•27:59 – What it would be if you would work only on the things you love •31:10 – How Marianne decides in which direction she will develop her business further•35:25 – What is meaningful work for our guest•37:13 – Marianne\'s advice to all wellpreneurs newbies•39:06 – All you need to know about the 2nd edition of the Marianne\'s book and how to get in touch with herEpisode links available on the website:https://wellpreneuronline.com/category/podcast/Copyright 2019 Wellpreneur Ltd. All Rights Reserved | If you\'re tired of the hustle and hype around being an entrepreneur, you\'re not alone. There\'s so much talk about growing your business as big (and as fast) as possible, with tons of \'secret strategies\' you should be doing to find success. It gets exhausting. There is a better way. Welcome to the first episode of Season 6 of The Wellpreneur Podcast. In this episode, I\'m sharing my belief that as entrepreneurs we can do well, but also BE well.I\'m sharing my vision for a different way to live and work. You\'ll also learn the key areas to explore if you want to do well in business and become deeply well. And I\'ll give you a little preview of what\'s coming on the podcast this season.Here\'s what you\'ll hear in this episode:•0:32 - Welcome to season 6 and brand new design of the podcast!•1:55 - What you will learn in this season•3:07 - Wellness industry back in 2014 and today•4:15 - Amanda’s 10 week trip from Hong Kong to London by train\xa0•6:27 - What she realized after the trip•7:43 - Why pushing harder and hustling is not a recipe for success in business•10:13 – What is meaningful for you?\xa0•12:50 – The second key point for a successful wellpreneur•14:54 – Why you should get connected\xa0•18:38 – The importance of curiosity•21:52 – Freedom and what it means for Amanda•23:06 – All you need to know about deep wellnessEpisode Links available on the website: https://wellpreneuronline.com/podcast/ | I used to believe that I could get anything I wanted through hard work and making myself \'well rounded\'. Turns out, I was wrong. In this week\'s episode, I\'m peeling back the layers to share more about my personal journey to becoming a wellpreneur. I\'ve been being a lot more honest and open in my emails recently (if you\'re not already subscribed, sign up on AmandaCook.me) and have heard from a few readers who asked to know more about my story ... so here you go! Becoming a health coach was a really pivotal moment for me, and if you\'re considering health coaching, I\'ve put together a Health Coach Decision Kit to see if it\'s the right next step for you.Episode Links:https://wellpreneuronline.com/decisionkit/AmandaCook.mehttps://wellpreneuronline.com/podcast/e100-special-anniversary-episode/Connect with me:www.facebook.com/Wellpreneurinstagram.com/wellpreneur', 'chan_desc': 'What if there was a different way to live and work? Wellpreneur is the show for entrepreneurs who want to DO well and BE well. Join your host Amanda Cook to move beyond the hustle & hype, onto a path that’s nourishing, grounded, creative, connected and still makes a major impact in the world. Wellpreneur helps you grow your business while taking care of yourself as an entrepreneur. We’ll discuss wellness for entrepreneurs, online marketing, productivity tools, lifestyle design, alternative and holistic health, and creating a life & business you love. We also explore woo topics like the wheel of the year, essential oils, natural cycles, ancestors, herbal medicine, infusing your life and work with rituals and more. Our podcast archives also include over 200 episodes specifically for wellness entrepreneurs (wellness businesses). If you want to learn to grow your wellness business online, definitely dig into the archives. It’s especially for holistic health coaches, nutritional therapists, yoga teachers, wellness coaches, holistic therapists, personal trainers, acupuncturists, massage therapists, fitness pros, herbalists, aromatherapists and other alternative health practitioners.Learn more on our website: https://wellpreneuronline.com', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/8a/6b/af/8a6bafe2-5735-9586-4f8a-bad3e0ffa4cc/mza_8882261627849332042.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-01-02'}}

{'Be you, Unapologetically.': {'title': 'Be you, Unapologetically.', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Be-you%2C-Unapologetically.-id1500551', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Be you Unapologetically.', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 161, 'play_count': 1666, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://anchor.fm/kyra-carlen'], 'ep_total': 46, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:15:18', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:19:28', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:17:19', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:13:40', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:39:34', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:12:32', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:14:13', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:11:44', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:13:16', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:13:46', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "We’re OK with letting ourselves down, but for some reason when we put others thoughts, and needs, we show up as her best self. What if you flipped the Script, and started showing up for you as well as you show up for everybody else. What does your best self look like?!--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | We have a really good job of convincing ourselves that we are doing not enough, let’s flip the script, find ways, tactical advice to create the success that you are wanting!--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | So many times we think we need external motivation to get us to our goal. What we need most is remembering HOW to get there, WHY we want it so bad and WHAT it looks like to get there! All of these podcasts are for nothing if you don’t put them into ACTION! --- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | You can’t believe in other enough to make them show up, but you can believe in your purpose enough to make an impact. --- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | A local friend of mine posted a picture with a guy walking across American for homeless Vets, and although I have heard and seen many stories similar to this one, Michael's stood out to me with this social media and story. I knew I had to interview him! Follow along and listen as he tells How he got started, why he continues to show up, What he is so passionate about and where he plans on going next. This, is the reason we show up, to show that THIS is possible for anyone!\xa0If you want to follow along in his journey, donate or purchase go to www.ownyourgangster.com\xa0His story is so inspiring and incredibly amazing!--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | Instead of planning your next 5 years, think of how you want to tell your story of YOUR story 5 years from now--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | What if you started showing up as the Successful you? The one who’s been through it all and succeeded? The you in 5 years? How would that change your life?? Show up, thinking you’re already ready for more and you will completely change your life --- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | You can’t chase more than 1 rabbit, so give 1 area of focus your all and go ALL IN --- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | Consuming content that hinders your success, is your own fault. But if you can use their success as your fuel to your fire, it won’t be their level you’re reaching, it will be the Level UP--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app | Show up for YOUR GOALS as much as your showing up for Others! --- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app", 'chan_desc': 'Self love, personal development, empowerment & growth.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/7b/36/20/7b362089-89a0-4269-f7a4-d9cd53452050/mza_1183326810019129207.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-11-29'}}

{'The Hippocratic Hustle': {'title': 'The Hippocratic Hustle', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Hippocratic-Hustle-id1364306', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Carrie Reynolds MD', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 161, 'play_count': 1084, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.hippocratichustle.com'], 'ep_total': 89, 'recent_eps': [['2019-08-15', '00:30:57', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:36:45', 0], ['2019-07-10', '00:35:49', 1], ['2019-06-19', '00:37:59', 0], ['2019-06-07', '00:40:44', 0], ['2019-05-31', '00:34:10', 0], ['2019-05-24', '00:29:04', 0], ['2019-05-17', '00:29:40', 0], ['2019-05-09', '00:33:05', 0], ['2019-05-01', '00:28:52', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In today’s episode, we speak with Dr. Leah Houston about her revolutionary new business HPEC- the Humanitarian Physicians Empowerment Community. Her business is using Blockchain technology to build a platform that alleviates the third-party roadblocks that erode our patient-physician relationships. Listen as as she shares her expertise in this topic and hear all about the future of healthcare. In this episode, you will learn:  What is HPEC and why did she start it? What is Blockchain technology and how it can be helpful to physicians. How this technology could reduce or eliminate fraud in the system. Why she feels that cutting out the middle man in the system can help physicians to find joy in medicine again. What is the Decentralized Autonomous Organization of Doctors or Doctors DAO? Why she feels that patient portable electronic health records are important. How she feels that the digital health revolution will help physicians take care of patients in a superior way.  Leah Houston, M.D. is a board certified emergency physician. While practicing emergency medicine across the U.S. for nearly 10 years, she recognized a common problem. Uncompensated administrative burdens related physician employment and credentialing are a leading cause of administrative waste and physician burnout. She began HPEC in 2018 when realizing that Blockchain could solve the obstructive regulatory problems in healthcare with its distributed ledger technology. HPEC is building a platform that will give every physician a self-sovereign digital identity attached to their credentials in order to create a decentralized autonomous organization of physicians and surgeons. This is essentially a democratic physician’s guild. HPEC will streamline the current laborious process of credentialing, reduce administrative waste, improve access to care and give physicians sovereign ownership of their data and employment rights. The organization will also create an opportunity for physicians to communicate more efficiently about policy, practice and, in turn, improve patient care. Links we discussed in the show:  Check out Leah’s Blockchain based business at:\xa0HPEC.io.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsor: The White Coat Investor’s new course Fire Your Financial Advisor! Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s episode, we speak with Dr. Shruti Tannan about online marketing for physicians. She goes into detail about why she wrote a book on this subject, what she recommends to increase traffic and how to grow your business using various online techniques. Don’t miss out as she shares her best tips and tricks with all of us! In this episode, you will learn:  Why Dr. Tannan decided to write a book about online marketing for physicians. What she recommends medical practices do to increase online traffic. What types of online advertising she recommends and why. How to write copy for your website and blog to help rank higher in the search engines. Why it’s important to be authentic online so your patients relate to you. Why it’s super important to have positive reviews online. When to outsource marketing versus when to spend time on it yourself. How to come up with your overall marketing strategy and outline. Why you should update your website and content over time to stay current. How she started the process of writing the book and publishing it.  Shruti Tannan, MD is a board certified plastic surgeon with additional subspecialty certification in hand surgery. Dr. Tannan has a unique perspective on the business of medicine with experience both in the academic and private sectors. She began her career as faculty at a major academic medical center followed by the successful launch of her private practice: Tannan Plastic Surgery in Raleigh, NC. Years of advising colleagues in medicine, dentistry and allied health sciences inspired Dr. Tannan to share her evidence based approach to online marketing in her book, “Pillars of Practice: Online Marketing Tactics they Never Taught us in Medical School.” Links we discussed in the show:  Check out Dr. Tannan’s book on Amazon:  Pillars of Practice. Find Dr. Tannan’s website at: Tannan Plastic Surgery.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsor: The White Coat Investor’s new course Fire Your Financial Advisor! Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s episode, we have the pleasure of speaking with Rachna Patel, MD for a second time. She gives us all the latest updates on medical marijuana and CBD Oil. She also treats us to a great lesson in terminology as well. We discuss her new book, her specialty line of CBD Oil and the course she is developing for physicians as well. In this episode, you will learn:  What she has been up to since our last episode in 2017. Why she is creating a course for physicians on cannabis use for patients. What CBD Oil is and why it has become more common recently. How to know if CBD Oil is safe for your patients. Which conditions cannabinoids are being used to treat. Why she decided to develop her own line of CBD Oil. Why she decided to write her own book on this topic.  Rachna Patel, D.O. completed her undergraduate studies at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL and completed her medical studies at Touro University in California. After spending years training as an emergency medicine doctor, and working with patients to help alleviate pain, Dr. Patel ventured into the field of medical cannabis in 2012. In 2014, she started her own practice so she could offer people care they otherwise wouldn’t have access to. Dr. Patel’s knowledge of medical marijuana and CBD oil has made her an asset in the specialty. She has been interviewed on over 200 podcasts, has taken the stage internationally to spread awareness, has been featured in articles for Lifehacker and MindBodyGreen and has appeared on major news networks, such as NBC. She also recently published the book, “The CBD Oil Solution,” and it’s available now on Amazon, Barnes and Noble and independent bookstores across the country. Links we discussed in the show:  Check out Dr. Patel’s first time on the Hippocratic Hustle in:  Episode 17: Rachna Patel, DO- Medical Marijuana Expert. Purchase her new book:  The CBD Oil Solution. Learn more about her and her specialty on her website:\xa0DrRachnaPatel.com. Explore all of her free videos on her Youtube Channel: Ask Dr. Patel.  Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s episode, we speak with Sara DuMond, MD about her innovative business: Pediatric Housecalls. She tells us how she came up with the idea for it, what challenges she has faced and why she loves what she does now. She also explains what her plans are for the future. In this episode, you will learn:  How she thought of the idea for her pediatric housecalls business. What services they are able to offer at your home. Why she feels some children do better with housecall visits. How she set up her business to work with insurance companies. Why she decided to use a virtual assistant to help her stay organized and efficient. How she expanded her business to a team of 8 to cover more geographic areas. How she uses a scheduling application to help her team set appointments by area. Why she feels that starting her business has helped her achieve better work-life balance. What challenges she has faced and how she has gotten past them. How she plans to grow her business in the future.  Sara DuMond, M.D. is a board certified pediatrician. She is a graduate of West Virginia University Medical School and completed her residency in pediatrics at Carolina’s Medical Center in Charlotte. She practiced general pediatrics at a private group practice in the Lake Norman area for seven years before opening Pediatric Housecalls in 2011. Pediatric Housecalls is Charlotte’s first at home on-demand mobile acute care for children. Links we discussed in the show:  Check out Sara’s unique business at: Pediatric Housecalls. Get in touch with Sara about coaching to start your own business at:\xa0SaraDumondMD.com.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsors:  Johanna Fox Turner at Fox & Company Wealth Management. Larry Keller from Physician Financial Services!  Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s very special Back to Basics Episode, we chat with Phil Boucher, MD about his experience working in pediatric private practice. He is a father of 5, pediatrician, blogger and podcaster too. He shares his best tips for getting into the world of private practice and what he sees as the top benefits of staying there. In this episode, you will learn:  Why he decided to start his Facebook group and podcast. Why he decided to go into pediatric private practice. How he recommends getting into private practice in today’s world. What are some financial benefits of private practice. Why he recommends working at another private practice before starting your own. What tips he has for growing a private practice. How he recommends going about the process of referrals for specialists. Why he loves private practice and the freedom it allows his family life. What his top tips are for building a very successful private practice.  Phil Boucher, MD is a pediatrician, father of 5, and owner of a pediatric group in Lincoln, NE. He helps parents in his office, has an online brand where he attracts new patients to his practice and online sleep course. His real passion is helping other private practice physicians to create their thriving practice and fulfilling lives. He has a Facebook group called, The Private Practice Accelerator, where he connects with other private practice physicians to teach strategies to get a handle on time management, personal productivity, focus and all the other business and personal development topics they forgot to teach us in medical school. He also launched a podcast, Private Practice Matters, where he shares his strategies, private practice mindset, and interviews experts than can help docs do what only they can do. Links we discussed in the show:  Join Dr. Boucher’s Facebook group:  The Private Practice Accelerator. Check out his new podcast too:  Private Practice Matters. Read more about him on his website:\xa0Drphilboucher.com.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsors:  Johanna Fox Turner at Fox & Company Wealth Management. Larry Keller from Physician Financial Services! Northwestern University’s Master of Science in Global Health Program. Find out more about it at sps.northwestern.edu/global.  Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s Friends Talk Finance episode, Carrie and Bonnie catch up after being too busy to record a new episode in a while. Bonnie has had some big life changes and has totally rebranded her website and blog into something amazing. Listen in to hear all the details! In this episode, you will learn:  What Bonnie has been up to in her life and why she decided to make some big changes. Why Bonnie decided to rebrand her website. How Bonnie went about doing the rebrand. What has changed and what remains the same on her site. What new ventures Bonnie is starting in the near future. Why Bonnie decided to leave her job and start doing Locums work. What Bonnie is planning on doing for the remainder of the year. How she is planning on setting up a charity that her site will support as well.  Links we discussed in the show:  Check out Bonnie’s brand new website:\xa0WealthyMomMD.com. Learn more about the charity the Hippocratic Hustle donates to at:\xa0Tahirih.org.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsors:  Johanna Fox Turner at Fox & Company Wealth Management. Larry Keller from Physician Financial Services!  Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s episode, we chat with Sharon McLaughlin, MD about her journey from being a full time physician to becoming an entrepreneur. She shares so many great pieces of advice and words of wisdom.\xa0 You will also learn why she feels female physicians have so many amazing skills that they can use to be creative and build side businesses that fulfill their lives and make them happy. In this episode, you will learn:  Why she decided to create the Female Physicians Entrepreneurship group. How she transitioned from full time plastic surgery to where she is today. Why she feels female physicians have so many amazing skills that they can use to be creative and build side businesses. Why she decided to develop her own skin care line in her kitchen. How she has become so much happier in life since becoming an entrepreneur.  Sharon McLaughlin, MD is a board certified plastic surgeon. She helps women physicians build their business tools so they can save money and grow their businesses. She also founded the Female Physician Entrepreneurs Facebook Group which includes over 4000 members. Here, she can be found being one of the strongest cheerleaders for doctor entrepreneurs like Carrie and many of her guests on the Hippocratic Hustle Podcast. Links we discussed in the show:  Check out her fabulous Facebook group: Female Physician Entrepreneurs.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsors:  Johanna Fox Turner at Fox & Company Wealth Management. Larry Keller from Physician Financial Services! Northwestern University’s Master of Science in Global Health Program. Find out more about it at sps.northwestern.edu/global.  Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s very special episode, we finally get to hear from Mr. Hippocratic Hustle himself, Carrie’s husband, Matt. They discuss all the changes their family has went through since Carrie started working as a Locum Tenens Physician. Listen as they share their best tips for co-parenting from a distance and outsourcing tasks to make your life easier. In this episode, you will learn:  How Carrie’s work as a Locums doctor has affected her family. What it has been like for Matt to be a single parent to their daughter part time. How they have outsourced certain things in their lives due to the new situation. Why they feel it is so important to have family close by for help. How they utilize a home chef to meal prep healthy meals for them in their home. How they have started to co-parent via phone at times. How Matt’s new job has helped them to embrace Carrie’s locum’s life. Why both Carrie and Matt feel that even though there are challenges, changing your lifestyle to be happier is the best choice overall.  Matt Reynolds, D.O is a general surgeon practicing in Denver, Colorado who also happens to be Carrie’s husband. He works for a large medical group in town. Links we discussed in the show:  Do you want to try amazing meals prepared by a Chef in your home? Check out\xa0Friendthatcooks.com. Check out  Episode 81: Growing Wealth and Happiness with B.C. Krygowski.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsors:  Johanna Fox Turner at Fox & Company Wealth Management. Larry Keller from Physician Financial Services! Northwestern University’s Master of Science in Global Health Program. Find out more about it at sps.northwestern.edu/global.  Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s episode, we chat with B.C. Krygowski, MD about all things FIRE and frugality. She shares so many great tips her and her family have used to become financially independent, grow wealth and be happy at the same time. Don’t miss out as she shares how her family travels internationally on a budget and you can too! In this episode, you will learn:  How she got started with the FIRE movement and how it has changed their life. Why they decided to move from New York to Florida. How her and her husband have been able to both work part time as physicians. Why they are now moving further into the countryside in Florida. How they take advantage of home exchange for international travel. Why they are moving to Medellin, Colombia for the summer.  B.C. Krygowski is a part-time Physician who made many financial mistakes—yet somehow still\xa0ended up okay. Her mission with her blog is to inspire readers to take control of their finances so they too will have financial freedom. She shares what she’s learned on her journey in the hopes that readers will be encouraged and equipped to live their one, precious life to the fullest. Often B.C. shares about frugality as she knows a thing or two about it after having grown up in a trailer set in a hay field in upstate New York. After high school, she became a Rotary Exchange Student\xa0to Germany and is still an intrepid\xa0traveler\xa0who advocates for\xa0home exchange. B.C. obtained her M.D. from the State University at Buffalo and married her gross anatomy partner. As a Physician couple, B.C. and her husband play to their strengths. He’s the financial guru while B.C. is the frugalista writer.\xa0 Nowadays, when she’s not writing fantasy novels or blogging about FIRE (Financial Independence Retire Early), B.C. is a part-time Hospice and Palliative Medicine Physician and a mother to two young boys. Links we discussed in the show:  Check out Dr. Krygowski’s informative and fun blog at:\xa0BCkrygowski.com. Learn more about the amazing financial conference Fincon 2019. Find so much information about the FIRE movement at WhiteCoatInvestor.com and PhysicianonFire.com. Check out another great blog about a couple and their FIRE story at\xa0WafflesonWednesday.com. Get some great investing advice at\xa0Bogleheads.org. Learn more about Financial Independence at\xa0ChooseFI.com. Check out Dike Drummond’s Book:  Stop Physician Burnout. Check out Brendon Burchard’s Book:  High Performance Habits. Learn more about traveling in a frugal way using\xa0HomeExchange.com.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsors:  Johanna Fox Turner at Fox & Company Wealth Management. Larry Keller from Physician Financial Services! Northwestern University’s Master of Science in Global Health Program. Find out more about it at sps.northwestern.edu/global.  Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode! | In today’s episode, we continue to listen in on Carrie’s Locums Life journey. Find out where she has been working and how it is affecting her family. Don’t miss out as she shares how she got licensed in Arizona in less than 24 hours! Also, make sure you have listened to episodes 1-4 of this series prior to listening to this one. In this episode, you will learn:  How Carrie’s journey has been going so far. Where she has been working for the past couple of months. How her Locum’s company helped her get credentialed in 4 months in California. What her schedule looks like for the remainder of the year. How being away two weeks a month is affecting her family. How Carrie uses technology to stay in touch with her family. What the Interstate Medical Licensing Compact Commission is and how it can help you get licensed in multiple states. How Carrie got licensed in Maine in 4 days and Arizona in 24 hours after getting approved by the IMLCC. What are the concerns associated with the IMLCC.  Links we discussed in the show:  Carrie's Locums Life, Vol. 1 Carrie's Locums Life, Vol. 2 Carrie's Locums Life, Vol. 3 Carrie's Locums Life, Vol. 4 Find out more about the Interstate Medical Licensing Compact Commission at:\xa0IMLCC.org.  Special thank you to this week’s show sponsors: Northwestern University’s Master of Science in Global Health Program. Find out more about it at www.sps.northwestern.edu/global. Thank you for listening to the Hippocratic Hustle! I know that time is your most valuable resource so I really appreciate you spending some of it with me. If you enjoyed today’s show, please share it! If you’d like to help me improve and grow the podcast, send your suggestions to: Carrie@HippocraticHustle.com Lastly, don’t forget to subscribe to the podcast, so you won’t miss an episode!", 'chan_desc': 'In this podcast we will interview Independent Women MDs and DOs from all walks of medical life and learn the nuts and bolts of how they got started with their business or side-project. We will hear stories about the unique ways doctors practice their profession. We will discover what inspires and motivates these entrepreneurs. We will explore ways to make your money go further and learn ways to achieve financial freedom.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/0d/47/ad/0d47adf0-076b-d526-72dc-1fdf4b819308/mza_2157261736991182949.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-15'}}

{'The Membership Guys Podcast with Mike Morrison': {'title': 'The Membership Guys Podcast with Mike Morrison', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Membership-Guys-Podcast-with-Mike-Morrison-id29416', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'The Membership Guys', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 193, 'play_count': 5045, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.themembershipguys.com'], 'ep_total': 221, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '01:32:34', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:09:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:30:29', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:17:55', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:18:00', 0], ['2019-08-26', '01:09:50', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:19:59', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:11:18', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:10:26', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:33:35', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Retain Live 2019 was a phenomenal success - especially for our very first live event! However as we discussed during the first part of our "debrief", it was a little rocky in the build up. In this concluding episode, Callie and I talk through the event itself, breaking down everything that happened and how it all came together; sharing some of our biggest lessons and top takeaways for anyone thinking of running a similar event. In this episode...  The moment we realised that all of our hard work, and the complete burnout we\'d experienced, was totally worth it. A recap of the sessions, speakers and surprises from across the 3 days of the event How we added special touches and memorable moments to make our event truly remarkable Answering that all important question about whether we\'ll be running another event like this one  | Two weeks ago, we kicked off our very first live conference: Retain Live 2019. It\'s the first time we\'ve run an event of this scale, and to say it was a new, interesting and challenging experience would be a major understatement! While the event itself was a huge success and we\'ve had overwhelmingly positive feedback - getting there certainly wasn\'t smooth sailing. In the first of our two-part debrief, Callie joins me on the show to discuss the weeks leading up to the event - as the workload (and stress levels) ramp up. In this episode...  Why we hated the whole process of selling tickets for our event, and the reason we ended ticket sales early The big discovery we made about ourselves while preparing for the conference and working with our event team Unexpected challenges and frustrating obstacles that led to us hitting breaking point the week before the event Our biggest lessons and top takeaways for anyone thinking of running an event like Retain Live  | If you have a great idea for a membership, you need to validate whether or not it’s destined to fail or succeed. Like Rome, the world’s leading membership sites weren’t built in a day. They started as an idea in someone’s mind, which was nurtured, tested and validated until there was undeniable proof the idea was a winning concept. When you’re excited about an idea for a membership, it’s easy to let your bias belief that your idea is gold get in the way of reality. This frame of mind can give you a false sense of security and cause you to invest everything in an idea that will never get off the ground. Before you pursue your membership idea, you need to test and validate it with an MVP. This will help you to discover whether your idea has true potential or not. In this episode, I reveal the importance of using an MVP to test and validate your membership idea and how to create one. Episode Summary:  What an MVP is and how it will validate the potential success of your membership idea The characteristics of an effective MVP An insight into the six main types of an MVP as they relate to membership sites How to know what type of MVP will work best for testing your specific membership idea Why you should still use an MVP to test your new membership idea despite already selling products or services successfully  Key Quotes: “A good MVP should solve a problem or deliver an outcome that\'s either the same or similar to that of your membership.” \xa0“An MVP is a minimum viable product, something that you offer to your market that is a relative representation of your membership with just enough features. It’s the bare minimum that you need to be able to put it out there and try and get people to buy or register interest.” Thank You For Listening We really appreciate you choosing to listen to us and for supporting the podcast. If you enjoyed today\'s show, please\xa0share\xa0it using the social media buttons on this page. We would also be eternally grateful if you would consider taking a minute or two to\xa0leave an honest review and rating for the show in Apple Podcasts. They\'re\xa0extremely helpful when it comes to reaching our audience and we read each and every one personally! Finally, don\'t forget to\xa0subscribe to the podcast in Apple Podcasts\xa0to make sure that you never miss an episode. \xa0 | Deciding how much you should charge for your membership site is one of the most important decisions you’ll make. Charge too little and you risk losing out and making no profit. On the other hand, if you charge too much, there’s a chance nobody will be able to afford your membership. So, how much should you charge? Unfortunately, there’s no one-size fits all approach when it comes to pricing your membership. But there are four key areas to look at to help you land on a price that you and your members are happy with. Tune in to hear what they are and discover a few helpful tips when it comes to defining your membership pricing strategy. Episode Summary:  Why you need to know your cost of member acquisition How to make sure your membership site is profitable and sustainable How to move the focus away from the price of your membership and towards the value of your site instead Considering your competitors when working out what to charge Why you need to consider the profile and financial situation of your audience A general rule of thumb for B2B and B2C membership prices  Mentioned in this episode:   Membership Academy Membership Mastermind Facebook Group  Key Quotes: “Above all else, your membership site needs to be profitable. If you\'re not making money, you\'re not going to last long. And the business that doesn\'t make money isn\'t a business. It\'s a hobby.” “Your members should be getting so much value from your site that they don\'t ever question whether it\'s worth paying the $50 a month or whatever you charge. “Do not compete on price. Competing on price very quickly becomes a race to the bottom. No matter how cheap you are, there is always someone who will undercut you. Remember, your membership needs to be profitable, don\'t price yourself out of business.” Thank You For Listening We really appreciate you choosing to listen to us and for supporting the podcast. If you enjoyed today\'s show, please\xa0share\xa0it using the social media buttons on this page. We would also be eternally grateful if you would consider taking a minute or two to\xa0leave an honest review and rating for the show in Apple Podcasts. They\'re\xa0extremely\xa0helpful when it comes to reaching our audience and we read each and every one personally! Finally, don\'t forget to\xa0subscribe to the podcast in Apple Podcasts\xa0to make sure that you never miss an episode. | Have you ever wondered what the main differences are between B2B memberships and B2C memberships? When it comes to membership sites, most of the strategies that we talk about on the podcast and inside the Membership Academy can be applied to pretty much any niche or market. But, there are a few key differences to look out for between a B2B membership and a B2C membership. These differences are important because they can potentially impact how you approach your strategy, marketing, and even your mindset when it comes to your membership site. Dive into this episode of The Membership Guys Podcast to hear what those key differences are and how you can use that knowledge to plan your membership content accordingly. Episode Summary:  How vast the range of potential impact your membership can have with a B2C market vs. B2B The importance of assessing where you fit on the scale - between something that’s seen as a hobby and something potentially life-changing How attitudes towards cost and affordability vary between B2B and B2C members Adjusting expectations when it comes to how much time your members can afford to give to your membership site Why you need to consider the level of exposure your market has to advertising, sales and marketing tactics  Key Quotes: “The scale of how important your membership is and how much of an impact it can make is usually going to be far broader with a B2C membership.” “While there is no one size fits all approach to pricing and there’s certainly not a set industry average, you\'ll often find in terms of monthly payments, that a B2C membership will fall somewhere between $15 to maybe $35, or $40. Whereas B2B memberships usually around the $30 to $60 mark.” “It’s down to you to find ways that you can deliver value and deliver results without demanding a lot of your members time, you need to make it convenient for them to use your membership.” Thank You For Listening We really appreciate you choosing to listen to us and for supporting the podcast. If you enjoyed today\'s show, please\xa0share\xa0it using the social media buttons on this page. We would also be eternally grateful if you would consider taking a minute or two to\xa0leave an honest review and rating for the show in Apple Podcasts. They\'re\xa0extremely helpful when it comes to reaching our audience and we read each and every one personally! Finally, don\'t forget to\xa0subscribe to the podcast in iTunes\xa0to make sure that you never miss an episode. | Holy smokes, has it really been four years already?! It honestly feels like yesterday that we were gearing up to open the doors to the Academy. I\'m not sure we fully realised the awesome journey we were about to embark on. Join us as we celebrate the 4th anniversary of Membership Academy by taking a look back at the last 12 months and highlighting the 7 \'ups\' and 3 \'downs\' from the past year. In this episode, Callie and I discuss:  How the changes we\'d introduced a year ago have changed the way the Academy runs in a major way The HUGE milestone we hit, and why we haven\'t been shouting about it from the rooftops! What effect planning the Retain conference has had on our business (and our lifestyle) Our top priority as we head into year 5...  | Like it or not, membership cancellations are going to happen.  Hopefully if you run your site well those cancellations will come at the end of a long tenure, but regardless they will happen.  How you deal with these cancellations has numerous implications for the continued success of your membership site or online course; so it’s important to know how to handle them and also what to avoid.  In this episode of The Membership Guys Podcast, I share my top tips for dealing with member cancellations the right way. | Having a hard time deciding which membership plugin is for you? Although the main feature of a membership plugin is to give you control of the content in a restricted ‘members-only’ area of your site, there’s a lot more to consider when selecting the right one for your site. So, what should you keep an eye out for when choosing a membership plugin? Tune in to hear four factors that could be huge game changers and make all the difference between making the right choice and making the wrong choice when it comes to your membership plugin.\xa0 Episode Summary:  Why the customer support options offered by the developers of the plugin are so important What to look out for when looking at the specifics of the license that your plugin comes with and the potential restrictions The problem with having a plugin with encrypted code including customization drawbacks and potential issues with your web host Why you should check when the plugin was last updated  Key Quotes: “If you bought a plugin where the only support available is through a forum or a Facebook group where the developer themselves isn\'t present, you’re relying on other users to support you, and that might not be great if you have an emergency.” “If the developer of your membership plugin hasn\'t released a new update in several years, and that is a huge, huge red flag. Chances are there\'s potentially security issues.”\xa0 \xa0“Make sure that you pay attention and do a little bit of research on the nature of the licence required for your membership plugin. Make sure you know if there’s any restrictions, how many websites you can use our plugin for and make sure you\'re aware of any recurring costs that you\'re going to have to keep paying in order to use that plugin.”\xa0 Important Links & Mentions: Thank You For Listening We really appreciate you choosing to listen to us and for supporting the podcast. If you enjoyed today\'s show, please\xa0share\xa0it using the social media buttons on this page. We would also be eternally grateful if you would consider taking a minute or two to\xa0leave an honest review and rating for the show in Apple Podcasts. They\'re\xa0extremely helpful when it comes to reaching our audience and we read each and every one personally! Finally, don\'t forget to\xa0subscribe to the podcast in iTunes\xa0to make sure that you never miss an episode. \xa0 | Have you ever had somebody tell you that your membership is overpriced? Honestly, it would be a surprise if you haven’t. Discussions like this are usually followed up with a bargaining attempt to reduce the cost of your membership. You might have experienced when a somewhat pushy potential member tries to haggle your price down. Or, they might even ask for a discount or a free trial run that lasts for an entire month. If somebody tells you that they can’t afford your membership fee, it’s important to take it with a pinch of salt. Don’t take what they’re saying to heart because the truth is that not everyone will be able to afford your membership, and that’s okay\xa0 Listen in to find out what you should do the next time someone tells you that they can’t afford your membership site. Episode Summary:\xa0  Why you shouldn’t read too much into it when someone questions your affordability Whether it’s ever a good business strategy to offer a free trial and if so, when? How to reframe things to ensure people focus on the value of your site, not the cost Ways to make people aware of the various joining options Understanding that not everyone will be able to afford your membership and why it’s unrealistic to expect otherwise  \xa0Key Quotes:\xa0 “For as many people who think that your membership is too expensive, there\'ll be just as many or more who think that it\'s an absolute bargain.”\xa0 “Pricing is not based on logic, it\'s all about value perception. There\'s no sweet spot, there\'s no correct price to offer…So, you want to reframe things to ensure that people are focusing on value, not on the cost.”\xa0 “Not everyone will be able to afford your membership, it\'s unrealistic to think that they will. Your membership doesn\'t have to be accessible to absolutely every person. It\'s okay if someone\'s not ready or not able to join right now.” Thank You For Listening We really appreciate you choosing to listen to us and for supporting the podcast. If you enjoyed today\'s show, please\xa0share\xa0it using the social media buttons on this page. We would also be eternally grateful if you would consider taking a minute or two to\xa0leave an honest review and rating for the show in Apple Podcasts. They\'re\xa0extremely\xa0helpful when it comes to reaching our audience and we read each and every one personally! Finally, don\'t forget to\xa0subscribe to the podcast in iTunes\xa0to make sure that you never miss an episode. | Our members often ask questions about how we run our membership and how our business has grown over time. The first thing we tell them is that our success didn’t fall out of the heavens and onto our laps. It took a lot of hard work, dedication and strategic thinking to get to where we are today. We’ve intertwined a concoction of approaches and strategies that have helped move our business forward. In this episode, we pull back the curtain and reveal five things that have positively impacted the growing success of our business as well as a few that we thought would work but ultimately turned belly side up. Essential Summary:  Why you shouldn’t stray from your niche and risk confusing your audience How segmentation helped us to craft compelling lead magnets and grow our email list The importance of creating a killer opt-in and how to know if yours is good enough to move the needle How our unique Memberoni Theme for WordPress has helped us attract new members What we include in our weekly email blasts to increase open rates and keep members intrigued A few things that we thought would have a great impact on our business but turned out to be a let down  Mentioned in this episode:  Membership Academy The Membership Plugin Comparison Chart  Key Quotes: “When we really started making use of segmentation, our sign-ups literally doubled overnight. Within a space of 24 hours, we were getting more than twice as many email signups just because we\'ve been more deliberate about segmentation.” “By going above and beyond what most people will do when creating their lead magnets and creating something that was truly comprehensive that had a real practical benefit that people just HAD to have, was a massive game changer.” “The more that we speak and the more that we get to know other speakers on the circuit, the more we realise that public speaking is not a big deal in terms of delivering sales and increasing traffic.” Thank You For Listening We really appreciate you choosing to listen to us and for supporting the podcast. If you enjoyed today\'s show, please\xa0share\xa0it using the social media buttons on this page. We would also be eternally grateful if you would consider taking a minute or two to\xa0leave an honest review and rating for the show on Apple Podcasts iTunes. They\'re\xa0extremely helpful when it comes to reaching our audience and we read each and every one personally! Finally, don\'t forget to\xa0subscribe to the podcast in iTunes\xa0to make sure that you never miss an episode', 'chan_desc': 'Join Mike Morrison from The Membership Guys for advice, tips and insight on planning, running and growing a successful membership website', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/33/83/3f/33833f96-4109-f156-2f1e-f2a64bd93d6d/mza_8946094003081362560.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-07-23'}}

{'No More Zero Days Podcast': {'title': 'No More Zero Days Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/No-More-Zero-Days-Podcast-id2297602', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Eric Michael Savage', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 1, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://feed.pippa.io/public/shows/no-more-zero-days-podcast'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:31:36', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:19:19', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:39:19', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:42:27', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:47:18', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:01:23', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Social Media & Instagram Strategy Session: I want to provide a couple of things today that will bring you value and help guide you in 2020 and beyond on your social media strategy and why going all in on Instagram is going to leave you vulnerable. Plus how to get the most out of Instagram right now for growing your audience or business. To read my full article on this topic: https://medium.com/@ericmichaelsavage/what-were-all-doing-wrong-on-instagram-thoughts-for-2020-social-strategy-e165dd391e5bLets connect on Instagram @ericmichaelsavage | Brooke Hammer, Founder of Atlanta First Agency, joins us moments before putting on their first "Women In Fashion" event in Atlanta, GA. Brooke details her journey of stumbling into entrepreneurship, the mart staffing world, and how she leads AFA by empowering others around her and letting her employees lead the future growth of the company. I know that this interview will help motivate you to move away from zero days and into getting things accomplished towards your dream life or goal.Reach out to us on Instagram @atlantafirstagency and @ericmichaelsavage with thoughts and questions from todays episode. | Lex joins us to talk about her personal journey called life, her view on relationships, loving yourself, what does forever mean, becoming a self taught photographer, physical fitness, and avoiding regret. She is the Founder of The Hobbyist Photography out of Chattanooga, TN.\xa0If you have questions, need encouragement, or generally just want to chat you can find her on Instagram @lexxerzzz @thehobbyist_photography as well as you can find me @ericmichaelsavage | An honest and transparent discussion on my battle with feeling inadequate, alone, depressed, and anxious about my future these past four weeks. I spent days stuck in bed without any motivation to do anything, but instead was trapped by insecurity and inadequacy as a man. What leads to feeling inadequate? How can we fight through feelings of inadequacy? It\'s ok to not be ok. Lets chat @ericmichaelsavage | Stephen Vaughn, CEO and Founder of the non-profit Dream Chasers. Stephen quit his day job with a wife and a 1 year old child at the height of his teaching career after just being named teacher of the year to pursue Dream Chasers full time. Today you will hear his story, overcoming losing his father to cancer, his take on knowing the difference between your passion and a hobby, how to overcome negativity in your life, and much more.Reach out to us on Instagram @ericmichaelsavage and @stephenrvaughnwww.dreamchasers.org\xa0 | Through guest interviews, Eric Michael Savage will take you inside the heads and hearts of those he interviews as he seeks to inspire to move you out of a zero day mentality and into a life filled with taking action towards your goals every single day through their stories.During Q&A episodes, Eric Michael Savage shares his life experiences of failures, fears, and successes and how you can apply that to business, faith, and relationships as an entrepreneur. ', 'chan_desc': 'Through guest interviews, Eric Michael Savage will take you inside the heads and hearts of those he interviews as he seeks to inspire to move you out of a zero day mentality and into a life filled with taking action towards your goals every single day through their stories.During Q&A episodes, Eric Michael Savage shares his life experiences of failures, fears, and successes and how you can apply that to business, faith, and relationships as an entrepreneur.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/5b/11/36/5b113659-3cde-22a7-0b21-dafcc37953d9/mza_2132452681863699408.jpeg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-27'}}

{'Wear Wag Repeat Podcast': {'title': 'Wear Wag Repeat Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Wear-Wag-Repeat-Podcast-id1064000', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Tori Mistick Wear Wag Repeat', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 29, 'play_count': 4198, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://wearwagrepeat.com/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 81, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:32:15', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:29:01', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:24:18', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:40:27', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:30:21', 1], ['2019-08-28', '00:26:49', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:31:25', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:31:15', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:28:57', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:35:00', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In this episode I’m talking to the dog mom of Mary Evelyn Studio Art, she’s an artist I’ve gotten to know over the past few years and she’s done watercolor portraits of both Lucy and Burt! We talk about how she got into pet portraits, specifically in watercolor, and how she’s grown her business to include commissions, workshops, online classes and collaborations such as a new illustrated book series. As this episode comes out, Mary Evelyn celebrates Puptober in a series of portraits that you can find on her Instagram account. The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | On this episode, I’m talking to Catherine Whiteman of the dog bedding and accessories brand, Three Wags. We talk about how her products make people and pet’s lives easier and better, especially through her Awareness bandanas. I think you’ll love the touching story about how those came to be. We also discuss the challenges of having to tackle it all as a solopreneur in the pet industry. The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | In this episode, Tori Mistick shares the latest information she learned about CBD (AKA cannabinoid) products for your dog when she attended the SuperZoo pet industry trade show in August 2019. Tori will talk about how CBD can help your dog's quality of life, what she learned from three major brands at the trade show and keywords you should look for on labels of CBD products before you use them with your pets. The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | In this episode, I’m talking to a pet sitting and dog walking business expert who grew her own business over the course of 18 years. We talk about how to hire your first few employees, and how important your gut intuition is in those decisions. With the right employees, you can achieve that work life balance that you got into this business for in the first place! Today’s guest fine-tuned her staff to the point where she was able to take 6 months off to live in Bali! Get your vision boards ready and lets dive into this episode! The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | On this episode, I’m talking to a certified dog trainer who’s taking her modern dog training education to the masses through online courses. We talk about how this makes a positive impact on people’s and pet’s lives around the country and the logistics of how she created the lessons. She’s also making a difference in her local community by supporting assistance dog programs and volunteering her own time as a therapy dog team that helps kids find the confidence to read. The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | Summer might be coming to an end, but as you’ll hear on this episode, it’s always gelato season! Today’s guest started making gelato for dogs in her own kitchen, and now has her product carried in shops around the West Coast. We talk about how she made the transition from corporate life to a dog-inspired life and what keeps her motivated every day. She also shares some of the biggest struggles of starting her own pet industry business. The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | On this episode we’re getting real… talking about how important it is to be authentic and show the human side of being a dog influencer. Today’s guest talked to me about how she decided to document her dog mommming through social media and blogging, how she uses bookmarks to keep her growing to-do list organized and her tips on\xa0 creating engaging Instagram stories. The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | In this episode, we get to hear from a press and publicity expert who specializes in pet stories and brands. Learn how to translate your popular social media posts into press coverage, what you need to include in a pitch email and also hear about how you can use the media to make a difference in pet’s and people’s lives. Today’s guest is also a pet blogger and she has some great suggestions to get your own pet blog filled with engaging stories. The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | In this episode, I’m talking to a pet photographer who has built a full time business in less than 2 years by creating a strong visual style and sticking to her guns when it comes to pricing. She shares advice on how to get your new pet business off the ground. And we also address the myth that pet photography is a local-only business - this photographer has had dogs travel across state lines to sit in front of her camera! The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast | In this episode, I’m talking to an experienced pet industry pro with a background in corporate retail and professional FUN.\xa0The owner of Bow Wow Dog Bakery, Leel Michelle is sharing some great advice about creating a successful brick and mortar pet business like incorporating services into your retail shop. We also talk about how important pet birthdays are and how you can make them part of a special experience for your customers. The rest of the shownotes can be found at wearwagrepeat.com/podcast", 'chan_desc': 'Meet cool, creative women entrepreneurs in the pet industry. Tori Mistick, the dog mom behind award winning blog Wear Wag Repeat, is talking to dog moms across North America who are inspired by the joy, fun and pure love that their dogs bring to their lives. These women have named their companies after their pups, created products to help them, and even raised money to help other pets in need. If working alongside your dog is your dream, then you will love this podcast!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/44/6d/87/446d8751-f022-1032-9f50-e78d36ca2f4a/mza_4486555397005394463.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-10-02'}}

{'Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone - Make Money In Real Estate Wholesaling Properties For Quick Cash': {'title': 'Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone - Make Money In Real Estate Wholesaling Properties For Quick Cash', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Escaping-The-Real-Estate-Investing-Newbie-Zone-Make-Money-In-Real-Estate-Wholesaling-Properties-For-Quick-Cash-id2201121', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Chris Bruce', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 324, 'play_count': 4514, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://escapethenewbiezone.com/podcasts/'], 'ep_total': 122, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:11:36', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:11:46', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:15:42', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:10:41', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:44:36', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:12:16', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:37:25', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:12:57', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:45:05', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:41:10', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this epsiode of Escaping The REI Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about inexpensive ways to market to find deals. | In this episode Of Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about the difference between Time & Money. | In this episode of Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about how to win the big in the 4th | In this episode Chris Bruce reflects on his trip to Colombia and shares a valuable lesson he learned on this trip | In this episode of Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about Keeping longevity in the REI world with The | In this episode of Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about expanding your mind and what things you need | In this episode of Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about Why You’re Losing Money Not Having Your RE | In this episode of Escaping The REI Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about social media. Is social media good or bad for you? | In this episode of Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about how Keith & Lenny Made 1.5 Million Dollars | In this episode of Escaping The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone Chris Bruce talks about The Struggles of Dating A Entrepreneur with my', 'chan_desc': "Chris Bruce from Escape The Real Estate Investing Newbie Zone Blog reveals all of his ninja strategies, killer marketing tips, and tricks to get ahead of the curve with your real estate investing/wholesaling business. You will hear how to Escape The Real Estate Beginner stage through hearing the stories of other Successful investors, and discovering strategies that Chris implemented in his real estate wholesaling business to earn tons of money and gain what everyone is looking for FREEDOM. Learn how you can get started in real estate, flipping houses part time, making a full time income without using any of your own money or credit. It's no secret that real estate investing offers the best opportunity for the average JOE to make a fortune in today's market.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/f1/07/97/f1079703-9573-fc63-8baa-6a69c8c58db3/mza_4016470536501539528.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-07-24'}}

{'Exponential Wisdom': {'title': 'Exponential Wisdom', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Exponential-Wisdom-id1012165', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Peter Diamandis & Dan Sullivan', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1456, 'play_count': 21394, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://podcast.diamandis.com'], 'ep_total': 76, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-24', '00:28:42', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:29:33', 1], ['2019-07-24', '00:28:07', 1], ['2019-07-11', '00:31:14', 2], ['2019-06-24', '00:25:16', 0], ['2019-05-28', '00:27:08', 4], ['2019-05-06', '00:23:30', 0], ['2019-04-22', '00:23:56', 0], ['2019-04-07', '00:28:41', 0], ['2019-03-19', '00:27:26', 3]], 'hover_text_concat': 'With the rise of exponential health technologies, Peter and Dan investigate newly available business opportunities using their “first order implications” framework.\xa0When biotech advancements turn sickcare into healthcare, and science adds an additional 20-30 healthy years to our lifespans, what new markets emerge (and which ones disappear)? Peter and Dan discuss the implications to businesses, customers, […] | Peter and Dan launch into a comprehensive update on space exploration. As governments and corporations alike pursue reusable spacecraft, extra-planetary manufacturing tools and cheaper launch systems, this discussion focuses on the remarkable initiatives of private companies like SpaceX and Blue Origin, now eclipsing government capabilities in speed and scale. In this episode: Peter examines the […] | Peter and Dan discuss the transformation of construction and real estate, as solar energy, 3D printing, augmented reality (AR) and new materials science breakthroughs begin to permeate every facet of the way we design, construct and inhabit built spaces. \xa0 In this episode: Dan uses historical examples to demonstrate the notion that process has often […] | Location. Location. Location. Physical proximity has long been the name of the game. Yet as autonomous vehicles, virtual offices, and gigabit connection speeds transform our everyday lives, real estate markets are about to experience the massive waves created by these disruptions. Peter and Dan discuss the implications for real estate as convergence reshapes how we […] | Peter\xa0and Dan examine one of the most challenging decisions faced by serial entrepreneurs: when is the right time to kill a company? Illustrating firsthand stories of past company failures, they discuss the most tell-tale signs of dwindling passion and poor long-term prospects. If only plowing ahead out of obligation to investors, you might have reached […] | Peter and Dan discuss continuous education as critical in the 21st century to take advantage of new opportunities and develop new capabilities. With technology changing every month, week and even day, your agility as an entrepreneur depends on your ability to learn new skills and instantly apply this knowledge. In this episode: Peter talks about […] | Peter and Dan continue their hiring discussion with a focus on higher education and the ongoing debate of apprenticeships versus business school. As millennials represent more and more of the job market, should the next generation of leaders go into debt pursuing a degree or acquire business acumen through various forms of apprenticeship? In this […] | Peter and Dan discuss one of the biggest problems with the hiring process: most of the time, a job description doesn’t provide enough information to create a successful relationship between an employer and a new employee. In Episode 67, they shared best practices within their own companies; in this follow-up episode, Peter and Dan discuss […] | Peter and Dan talk about the history of insurance, and why this age-old industry is ripe for disruption. They discuss which exponential technologies will help inefficiencies and the new business models they see in the near future. \xa0 In this episode: Peter believes insurance will start to disappear for most people as tech companies begin […] | Peter\xa0and Dan discuss one of the most important aspects in any organization: hiring. They discuss best practices in their own companies, and Dan shares tools that have helped Strategic Coach retain team members for over 25 years. \xa0 In this episode: Peter\xa0and Dan discuss the idea that most of the talented professionals on Earth aren’t […]', 'chan_desc': 'Peter Diamandis and Dan Sullivan discuss how exponential technologies are creating massive opportunities for entrepreneurs all over the world and the impact of hyperconnectivity on global innovation.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/1f/95/4b/1f954b37-6f93-2858-0c47-c3480c963232/mza_8210777677407573606.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-06-03'}}

{'No Vacancy with Glenn Haussman': {'title': 'No Vacancy with Glenn Haussman', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/No-Vacancy-with-Glenn-Haussman-id339055', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Glenn Haussman', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 67, 'play_count': 1602, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://novacancy.libsyn.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 260, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-29', '01:02:36', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:19:54', 0], ['2019-09-22', '01:04:40', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:59:54', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:23:46', 0], ['2019-09-07', '00:48:56', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:30:34', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:47:27', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:07:14', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:27:30', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "This past week we had The Lodging Conference in Phoenix AZ and Glenn up his analysis on the event from all perspectives. Then we learn about the new Atwell Suites brand by IHG in an interview with VP Jenn Gribble. They’re making a play for what they call the long stay of four to six nights. Then Glenn speaks with industry icon Kirk Kinsell. From leading IHG and Loews, to starting his own investment company, we take a look at his career, his various leadership positions, what he’s up to now and his advice for the next generation of hoteliers. \xa0 Subscribe to our weekly newsletter. Text hotel to 66866. Visit www.novacancynews.com Send us your thoughts and comments to Glenn@rouse.media, or via Twitter and Instagram @TravelingGlenn. LIKE us on Facebook! Visit our sponsor: Red Roof,  Almo Hospitality Subscribe on iTunes:  No Vacancy with Glenn Haussman Subscribe on  Android:  https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ps/Ifu34iwhrh7fishlnhiuyv7xlsm Send your comments and questions to Glenn@rouse.media.\xa0 Support the show: https://www.patreon.com/novacancy Follow Glenn @TravelingGlenn Learn more at www.novacancynews.com Produced by Jeff Polly: http://www.endpointmultimedia.com/ | Glenn and Estella are joined by Cliff Galitz from Google Travel to break down Google’s efforts to simplify the guest’s travel planning process and how to secure your hotel strong leads by leveraging Google My Business and all the cool intelligence and automation wrapped up in Google Hotel Ads. Guest: Cliff Galitz, \xa0Partner Development Manager, Google Time: 18 minutes | According to the execs at Selina, the brand is not just a hostel, it’s a place to connect with others. It’s also a place for creating community and coworking. Essentially, it’s the future of hospitality, a trends Glenn has been squawking about for years. He talks to Ravi Govada, Head of Global Market Research at Selina about the brand and how it’s leveraging the latest trends. But first, Glenn and Michael Taylor, Travel Practice Leader of J.D. Powers discuss being satisfied with airlines, and which ones are doing what right!\xa0 Subscribe to our weekly newsletter. Text hotel to 66866. Visit www.novacancynews.com\xa0 Send us your thoughts and comments to Glenn@rouse.media, or via Twitter and Instagram @TravelingGlenn. LIKE us on Facebook! Visit our sponsor: Red Roof,  Almo Hospitality Subscribe on iTunes:  No Vacancy with Glenn Haussman Subscribe on  Android:  https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ps/Ifu34iwhrh7fishlnhiuyv7xlsm Send your comments and questions to Glenn@rouse.media.\xa0 Support the show: https://www.patreon.com/novacancy Follow Glenn @TravelingGlenn Learn more at www.novacancynews.com Produced by Jeff Polly: http://www.endpointmultimedia.com/ \xa0 | We attended the Legislative Action Summit this week and caught up with AAHOA Chair Jagruti Panwala, Congressional Representative Ed Case, Best Western Hotels & Resorts’ COO Ron Pohl. But first, Glenn and his special cohost Anthony Melchiorri discuss the major issues affecting the hotel business in this unique crossover with the  Checking in with Anthony and Glenn podcast!  Subscribe to Checking In with Anthony and Glenn Subscribe to our weekly newsletter. Text hotel to 66866. Visit www.novacancynews.com Send us your thoughts and comments to Glenn@rouse.media, or via Twitter and Instagram @TravelingGlenn. LIKE us on Facebook! Visit our sponsor: Red Roof,  Almo Hospitality Subscribe on iTunes:  No Vacancy with Glenn Haussman Subscribe on  Android:  https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ps/Ifu34iwhrh7fishlnhiuyv7xlsm Send your comments and questions to Glenn@rouse.media.\xa0 Support the show: https://www.patreon.com/novacancy Follow Glenn @TravelingGlenn Learn more at www.novacancynews.com Produced by Jeff Polly: http://www.endpointmultimedia.com/ \xa0 | Savvy hoteliers are taking control of their hotel’s reputation with guest feedback technology, but it’s their embrace of Customer Experience 2.0—dealing with issues, real-time, and putting that data in motion, that is making a huge difference. Why is this different than historical hotel surveys? It’s easier than ever to engage with a guest while still in-house, gathering positive, and negative feedback, but most importantly, allowing issues to be resolved before the guest leaves, before they bash your brand online. The scintillating Mareesa Hoglund from SocialSurvey, joins Glenn and Estella to talk us through using technology to keep your hotel’s reputation immaculate. Guest: Mareesa Hoglund, Customer Success Manager, SocialSurvey Time: 22 minutes | Recorded during Red Roof’s brand conference this week, Glenn chats with both red Roof President Andy Alexander and Chief Development Officer Phil Hugh. They discuss the annual conference, respective brand updates and much more. Subscribe to our weekly newsletter. Text hotel to 66866. Visit www.novacancynews.com Send us your thoughts and comments to Glenn@rouse.media, or via Twitter and Instagram @TravelingGlenn. LIKE us on Facebook! Visit our sponsors: Red Roof,  Almo Hospitality Subscribe on iTunes:  No Vacancy with Glenn Haussman Subscribe on  Android:  https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ps/Ifu34iwhrh7fishlnhiuyv7xlsm Send your comments and questions to Glenn@rouse.media.\xa0 Support the show: https://www.patreon.com/novacancy Follow Glenn @TravelingGlenn Learn more at www.novacancynews.com Produced by Jeff Polly: http://www.endpointmultimedia.com/ | Hey hoteliers! It's budget season.\xa0 Gary Isenberg, President,\xa0LWHA®\xa0Asset Management Services, and Glenn Haussman discuss what you need to be thinking about most when it comers to figuring out next year's spend for your hotel assets.\xa0 Learn more about Gary and LWHA here:\xa0http://lwhospitalityadvisors.com Subscribe to the show via the No Vacancy News network:\xa0\xa0iTunes,  Google Play, Stitcher | Grand Rapids wants your business, so they created a special Hotel District. What it means and why this might be a great idea for your community. We chat with George Aquino, vice president and managing director, AHC+Hospitality to learn more. Then,\xa0with Lindsay Wilkinson who is Director, Corporate Responsibility – Environment and Commercial Integration at IHG shares why the company is jettisoning it’s small amenity bottles in favor of bulk dispensers and what it means to both guests and hoteliers. Plus, what else are companies thinking about to be good stewards to the universe. Subscribe to our weekly newsletter. Text hotel to 66866. Visit www.novacancynews.com Send us your thoughts and comments to Glenn@rouse.media, or via Twitter and Instagram @TravelingGlenn. LIKE us on Facebook! Visit our sponsor: Red Roof,  Almo Hospitality Subscribe on iTunes:  No Vacancy with Glenn Haussman Subscribe on  Android:  https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ps/Ifu34iwhrh7fishlnhiuyv7xlsm Send your comments and questions to Glenn@rouse.media.\xa0 Support the show: https://www.patreon.com/novacancy Follow Glenn @TravelingGlenn Learn more at www.novacancynews.com Produced by Jeff Polly: http://www.endpointmultimedia.com/ | Big news from Aimbridge Hospitality and Interstate Hotels & Resorts as they announce plan to merge. Bruce Ford of Lodging Econometrics and Glenn break the deal down and analyze the ramifications. What do you think of the deal and how do you think it'll affect the overall hotel business Watch the video version on FB, LinkedIn, You Tube and at NoVacancyNews.com\xa0 | Hoteliers have been talking about collecting data for years, but have struggled to turn it into something practical. Now, the advances in technology and processing power are allowing the use of machine learning to leverage that data in meaningful ways. But, what does that really mean? Kelly McGuire sits down with Glenn and Estella while at HITEC to break all down for us. Guest: Kelly McGuire, PhD, Revenue Management, Cornell and former Sr VP, Revenue Management at MGM Sponsors: Cendyn and GCommerce Time: 25 minutes", 'chan_desc': 'No Vacancy with Glenn Haussman is the travel industry’s most exciting podcast. We speak to the CEOs, influencers and leaders to go behind the scenes of the hotel and travel business.  Host Glenn Haussman is a well know travel industry personality, renowned industry speaker, writer, consultant, and publisher of novacancynews.com.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/fb/46/00/fb460002-31d6-4b95-4715-cc6f32ba40d8/mza_4831534828628967339.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-06-02'}}

{'If I Made a Podcast': {'title': 'If I Made a Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/If-I-Made-a-Podcast-id2356636', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'If I Made', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 13, 'play_count': 33, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://ifimade.com'], 'ep_total': 5, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:30:45', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:25:19', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:27:42', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:25:42', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:30:27', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In Episode 5 of If I Made a Podcast, we’re going to tell you WHY and HOW you can create an audience to sell your service (that’s you wedding vendors!) or product to even if you’re starting from almost nothing. Mary and Emily walk you through the 5 things you can do TODAY to start building your audience:1. Pre-launch strategy - What it is and why you probably already have things in your arsenal to help you gather leads. 2. Email marketing - This one is IMPORTANT, are you building your list yet?3. True Fans - Who they are AND how many you need!4. Webinars - Yes they work, and they’re your best friend if you don’t have an audience.5. Affiliates - Why those Instagram friendships may mean $$$ during your course launch.Remember to download our free workbook “Jump-Start Your Online Course” by clicking here to start brainstorming your next big idea.\xa0 | Episode 4 of If I Made a Podcast is finally getting into what it’s like to start a new business selling online courses with NO experience. We talk about the lessons we learned early on, what services we used and use now to produce, sell, and host our courses, and much more.\xa0If you’ve ever thought about creating an online course, download our free workbook “Jump-Start Your Online Course” by clicking here! This FREE workbook is designed to help you figure out WHAT your online course should be on and how to determine if that’s the right idea.\xa0Links mentioned in the show:-Webflow-LocklizardBe sure to join us LIVE on Facebook Wednesday, September 25th at 11am EDT where Emily will answer all of your questions about how we started creating online courses with NO experience and how you can do it on a budget!If you like today’s episode, rate and review the podcast! And subscribe so you never miss an episode. Theme music by Connor Rosemond and Haley James. | Episode 3 of If I Made a Podcast dives into how Emily Newman doubled her business revenue by adding a new product using an already established brand, and how you can take similar steps to advance your business.\xa0If you’re interested in starting a new business or testing out a new idea, download our free workbook “Jump-Start Your Online Course” by clicking here! This FREE workbook is designed to help you figure out your next big business idea whether that’s launching an online course or something totally different.\xa0Links mentioned in the show:The Venue Academy by Lindsay LucasEssay by Kevin Kelly- “1000 True Fans”Be sure to join us LIVE on Facebook Wednesday, September 18th at 11am EDT where Emily will walk you through what it looks like to add a new product or service to your business - and when to know WHEN you need to take this step. Be sure to bring questions as we’ll be doing a live Q+A with Emily!\xa0If you like today’s episode, rate and review the podcast! And subscribe so you never miss an episode.\xa0Theme Music by Connor Rosemond and Haley James | In Episode 2 of If I Made a Podcast, Emily Newman continues the conversation started in Episode 1 (p.s. If you didn’t listen to Episode 1, do that first!) on testing your ideas using a method called Insight Studies. Doing this will save you time and money before you make your next big business decision.\xa0📓Click here to download a FREE workbook teaching you how to develop and test your next big idea (whether that be an online course or not!)!\xa0Be sure to join us LIVE on Facebook Wednesday, September 11th at 11am EDT for a discussion about Insight Studies, taking risks, and learning what will and won’t work for your business. Be sure to bring questions as we’ll be doing a live Q+A with Emily!\xa0If you like today’s episode, rate and review the podcast! And subscribe so you never miss an episode.\xa0.Theme Music by Connor Rosemond and Haley James | Our first podcast episode! In our inaugural journey into podcasting, we’re exploring uncertainty and what that means for us as creative entrepreneurs. We’ll dive into Emily Newman’s story as a business owner and her journey from selling defective handbags on eBay to running two 7 figure businesses.\xa0Join us on Facebook and Instagram Live Wednesday, September 4th at 11am EDT where Emily will be talking even more about how she started Once Wed and If I Made and the lessons she’s learned along the way. Be sure to bring questions as we’ll be doing a live Q+A!\xa0Come back next week for Episode 2 where we’ll talk about how to test your next big idea without the risk! We may even have some free downloads for you as well.\xa0If you like today’s episode, rate and review the podcast! And subscribe so you never miss an episode.\xa0.Theme Music by Connor Rosemond and Haley Sheffield', 'chan_desc': 'If I Made a Podcast with Emily Newman: where we talk about what it takes to build your business from the ground up without sacrificing your creativity along the way.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/9d/5b/09/9d5b0949-8dcc-4b27-9fa3-d2d53ccc22d7/mza_5413381672876731603.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-29'}}

{'Voices of Experience': {'title': 'Voices of Experience', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Voices-of-Experience-id58442', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'National Speakers Association', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 50, 'play_count': 656, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://nsavoe.libsyn.com'], 'ep_total': 84, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:21:30', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:21:48', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:21:38', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:24:45', 1], ['2019-09-03', '00:23:31', 0], ['2019-06-03', '01:53:04', 0], ['2019-05-01', '01:48:32', 0], ['2019-04-01', '01:38:49', 0], ['2019-03-01', '01:54:09', 0], ['2019-02-01', '01:54:17', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Should you address a controversial topic once you take the stage? How do you address an inappropriate comment the previous speaker made just before you?\xa0 Jess Pettitt, CSP, (@jesspettitt) shares her process on deciding if you should say something, and how to address it if you do. For another point of view on addressing controversial topics from the stage, John Register, CSP, (@JFRegister) discusses how to prepare for these topics in advance, and why it's important to lead authentic discussions on these topics.\xa0 NSA 2019-20 President Anna Liotta, CSP, (@annaliotta) talks about upcoming changes to NSA's leadership structure and a better opportunity for members to volunteer to shape our content and future. |  You can't deny the earning power of creating online courses, but how can you get it started for your business? Bill Cates, CSP, CPAE, (@bill_cates) shares his insights on creating and licensing online courses.  \xa0  Intellectual property law can be complicated. But Russ Riddle, JD (@anomalyatlaw), makes understanding trademarks, copyrights, licensing and business structures for speakers easy.  \xa0  What does a new NSA member have to say about how membership can help you grow your business? Ted Ma (@realtedma) talks about his hop tips for using NSA to grow his business as a new speaker. | Your potential clients book you as soon as you tell them about every single thing you can do for them, right? That's not overwhelming! Brian Walter, CSP, CPAE, share his killer comeback technique for overcoming client objections in the hiring process. \xa0 \xa0Rejection is tough, but it doesn't mean that you still can't work with that client for other speaking opportunities. Cara Silletto (@crescendohr) explains her process to turn keynote rejections into paid workshop opportunities. \xa0 How can you make the most out of your NSA experience? Immediate Past President Dan Thurmon, CSP, CPAE, (@danthurmon) shares some insights from a veteran NSA member on how to not only help out your fellow NSA peers, but to make the most of the experience for you. | Join us for part two of Michelle Villalobos', CSP, (@mivi) interview as she shares tech tools for building a business back end with products, coaching, and live events. NSA Members can learn more about her Retreats to Revenues Calculator Webinar Live Version resource, which they can download at NSAspeaker.com/VOEpodcast.  \xa0  How are you using your customer relationship management tools for leads? Joe Mull, CSP, (@joemull77), Shawn Rhodes (@shoshinconsul), and Cara Silletto (@crescendohr) join Crystal to discuss different approaches to handling inbound and outbound leads as well as managing event tasks after a client signs a contract.  \xa0  2019-20 NSA President Anna Liotta (@annaliotta) and NSA CEO Mary Lue Peck (@MaryLuePeck) discuss exciting shifts and benefits coming to NSA over the next year. |  The National Speakers Association's (@nsaspeaker) podcast, Voices of Experience (#NSAVOE ), welcomes a new host for 2019-2020--technology strategist and futurist Crystal Washington, CSP (@cryswashington).\xa0  \xa0  The New York Times has called Peter Shankman (@petershankman) “a rockstar who knows everything about social media and then some.” He is a five-times best selling author, entrepreneur and corporate keynote speaker, focusing on customer service and the new and emerging customer and neurotatypical economy.\xa0On this episode of VOE, Peter shares what professional speakers should know about the business of the future.  \xa0 Michelle Villalobos, CSP,\xa0(@mivi)\xa0has been an accomplished speaker for over a decade, with a variety of programs and speeches around\xa0personal branding, business alignment, personal empowerment, and business growth. Michelle Villalobos was\xa0named one of the Miami’s top 20 under 40 for founding the Women’s Success Summit, Miami’s largest conference for entrepreneurial women.\xa0Michelle is a member of the National Speakers Association's Million Dollar Speakers Group and shares what steps speakers should take to build a seven-figure business backend with coaching and retreats.  \xa0 Anna Liotta, CSP (@annaliotta)\xa0is an award-winning speaker, business consultant, and author\xa0on generational diversity, inclusion, sales, and leadership.\xa0As the new president of the National Speakers Association, she shares her background and the direction of the organization for 2019-2020.\xa0 \xa0\xa0 | Voices of Experience®\xa0is a podcast in which top achievers share their experiences to bring members vital, up-to-date information on every facet of the speaking profession.\xa0 This episodes features:\xa0  Phillip Van Hooser, MBA, CSP, CPAE Crystal Washington, CSP Deborah Gardner, CMP Elaine Pasqua, CSP Gary Rifkin, CSP Jason Hewlett, CSP, CPAE Lynn Rose Mark Sanborn, CSP, CPAE  | Voices of Experience®\xa0is a podcast in which top achievers share their experiences to bring members vital, up-to-date information on every facet of the speaking profession.\xa0 This episodes features:\xa0  Jeffrey Hayzlett, CPAE Charlie Cina Michael Hoffman, CSP Brad Montgomery, CSP, CPAE Marilyn Sherman, CSP, CPAE Lois Creamer\xa0 Rochelle Rice, CSP  | Voices of Experience®\xa0is a podcast in which top achievers share their experiences to bring members vital, up-to-date information on every facet of the speaking profession.\xa0 This episodes features:\xa0  Brian Walter, CSP, CPAE Kay Frances, MBA, CSP Dianna Booher, MA, CSP, CPAE Joel Block, CPA, CSP Phil Gerbyshak Ford Saeks, CSP Barry Banther, CMC, CSP  | Voices of Experience®\xa0is a podcast in which top achievers share their experiences to bring members vital, up-to-date information on every facet of the speaking profession.\xa0 This episodes features:\xa0  Scott McKain, CSP, CPAE Dianna Booher, MA, CSP, CPAE Joel Block, CPA, CSP Scott Halford, CSP, CPAE Sarah Michel, CSP Karl Sakas Diane DiResta, CSP Jon Petz, CSP Steven Iwerson, CSP Mitchell, CSP, CPAE, Global Speaking Fellow Stan Walters, CSP  \xa0 | Voices of Experience®\xa0is an audio magazine in which top achievers share their experiences to bring members vital, up-to-date information on every facet of the speaking profession.\xa0 Visit\xa0http://www.nsaspeaker.org\xa0to learn more.", 'chan_desc': 'Welcome to the National Speakers Association Podcasting Network. Featuring the Voices of Experience audio magazine and other content provided by NSA.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts4/v4/7b/4d/19/7b4d1923-ee6e-e919-03f4-23d3fbf8035a/mza_8946638168303849729.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2011-09-01'}}

{'Startup Grind': {'title': 'Startup Grind', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Startup-Grind-id2274502', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'www.startupgrind.com', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 438, 'play_count': 3091, 'ch_feed-socials': [], 'ep_total': 111, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:22:53', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:16:07', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:33:27', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:29:49', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:20:58', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:27:47', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:23:33', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:30:45', 0], ['2019-08-30', '01:00:35', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:27:58', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Anjelika Temple is the Chief Creative Officer + Founding Partner at Brit + Co where she is responsible for the visual identity of the brand across the company. As Brit + Co\'s first hire, Anjelika created the company’s distinct aesthetic and currently oversees the creative, editorial, and video teams to scale her vision.Lindsey Quinn is a writer in the Bay Area focused on the intersection of tech, business, and culture. Formerly, she was Managing Editor of The Hustle, a business newsletter and blog with over 1 million daily subscribers. | Melanie Perkins is an Australian technology entrepreneur. She is known as the CEO and co-founder of Canva, an online design and publishing tool which makes graphic design simple for everyone.Melanie is one of the youngest female CEO to be leading a tech start-up valued at over a billion dollars. Melanie has raised more than $166 million from investors including Google Maps co-founder Lars Rasmussen, Yahoo! CFO Ken Goldman, and funds such as Bond, General Catalyst, Felicis Ventures and Blackbird.\xa0 | As Google’s Chief Marketing Officer, Lorraine manages a global team responsible for telling the evolving story of Google’s brand, driving revenue growth, and bringing Google’s products to life for billions of users every day. Her teams focus on Google’s core products, including Search, Maps, Photos and the Google Assistant; Google’s Platforms, such as Android, Chrome, Play and YouTube, and support the company\'s new Hardware division. Lorraine was responsible for driving Google’s social impact focus on education, economic opportunity and inclusion, and for the company crisis response strategy. Previously, Lorraine led Marketing for Google in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Lorraine graduated from Dublin City University with a joint honors degree in International Marketing and Languages. She has been named Adweek’s Grand Brand Genius, Business Insider\'s Most Innovative CMO, one of the world’s 50 Most Powerful Moms, and most recently Cannes Creative Marketer of the Year. A native of Ireland, Lorraine lives in the Bay Area with her husband and two children.Bridgette is the co-founder of the Google for Startups team (previously Google for Entrepreneurs). Today, she leads the Programs and Operations team globally that helping startups grow with the best of Google in 125 countries. In addition, Bridgette is part of the core team behind Google for Startups Campus: physical hubs where entrepreneurs can learn, connect, and build companies that will change the world. Along with her team, she develops the programs that provide startups unparalleled access to mentorship, connections and trainings to support the growth of their startup. Today, there are 6 Campuses in London, Seoul, Tel Aviv, Madrid, Sao Paulo and Warsaw serving over 300,000 member entrepreneurs.Startup Grind Global Conference 2019 | Tony and Maureen Wheeler’s six-month trip along the ‘Hippie Trail’ in 1972 led to Across Asia on the Cheap, the very first Lonely Planet guidebook. The company grew to become the world’s largest independent guidebook publisher and today has close to 150 million books in print in English as well as digital versions and a busy website. Despite the completion of the sale of the company in 2011 Tony still contributes to their publications, most recently Epic Drives and the new edition of The Cities Book. The Planet Wheeler Foundation, with more than 50 health and education projects in the developing world, the Wheeler Centre for Books, Writing & Ideas in Melbourne and his position on the board of the California-based archaeological organization Global Heritage Fund also keep him busy. Recent travels have included visits to the rising-sea-level-threatened Pacific nation of Kiribati, Reactor 4 at Chernobyl 30 years after its meltdown and a reprise of his Hippie Trail adventures along the Silk Road, now part of China’s major One Belt One Road development. | Mathilde Collin is the co-founder and CEO of Front, the first shared inbox for teams. Front serves more than 4,000 companies around the world and has raised $79 million in venture funding from investors such as Sequoia Capital, DFJ, and Uncork Capital.Mathilde was recognized in 2017 Forbes 30 Under 30 Enterprise Tech list and 2018 Inc’s 30 Under 30 Rising Star list. She is based in San Francisco and originally from Paris, and earned her Masters in Entrepreneurship from the HEC School of Management in 2012.Bryan Schreier is a Partner at Sequoia, where he works with consumer and enterprise companies. He is a Director of Clever, Domino Data, Dropbox, Front, Hearsay Systems, Qualtrics, Thumbtack, TuneIn, and Zūm, among others.Startup Grind Global Conference 2019 | Startup Grind Global Conference 2019About the speakers:John, and his brother Patrick Collison, started Stripe, the global technology company building the economic infrastructure for the internet, in 2010 while John was studying physics at Harvard. Their goal was to make accepting payments online simpler and more inclusive, after learning firsthand how difficult it was. Today, the 1200-person (and growing) Stripe team powers online businesses around the world. Prior to Stripe, John co-founded Auctomatic, which was acquired by Live Current Media in March 2008. Originally from Limerick, Ireland, John lives in San Francisco, California, where Stripe is based.Ashlee Vance is a reporter for Bloomberg Businessweek magazine. He\'s written dozens of cover and feature stories and hosts the Emmy-nominated TV show "Hello World." Vance is also an author and wrote the recent best-selling biography on Elon Musk.GLOBAL CONFERENCE: https://www.startupgrind.com/conference/READ THE BLOG: https://medium.com/startup-grindTWITTER: https://twitter.com/StartupGrindFACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/StartupGrind/INSTAGRAM: https://www.instagram.com/startup/ | Adora Cheung was co-founder and CEO of Homejoy, which was funded by Y Combinator in 2010. Before that, she ran product at Slide. She has a bachelor\'s in computer science from Clemson University and is an economics PhD dropout at the University of Rochester.Holly is a Visiting Partner at Y Combinator. Prior to this she founded and exited the billion-dollar mobile gaming company Kabam - building games for IP such as The Hobbit and Marvel. She led design for their flagship game, and moved into growing culture and talent to over 1500 people. | About the speakers:Joe Gebbia is the co-founder and CPO of Airbnb, serving on the Board of Directors and Executive staff, while leading Samara, Airbnb’s in-house design and innovation studio. He is involved in crafting the company culture, shaping the design aesthetic, and innovating future growth opportunities.Alfred Lin is a Partner at Sequoia Capital and works with inspiring founders focused on disrupting the mobile, marketplace, commerce, consumer services, and online-to-offline sectors.  He currently represents Sequoia on the Boards of Airbnb, Cobalt Robotics, Dia & Co., DoorDash, Houzz, Stella & Dot, and Zipline and was previously on the Board of Achievers (HAWK), FutureAdvisor (BLK), Humble Bundle (JCOM), and Shopular (Ebates/Rakuten).GLOBAL CONFERENCE: https://www.startupgrind.com/conference/READ THE BLOG: https://medium.com/startup-grindTWITTER: https://twitter.com/StartupGrindFACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/StartupGrind/INSTAGRAM: https://www.instagram.com/startup/ | Freddy Vega is CEO and co-founder of Platzi, a fast-growing e-learning platform with an impressive 70% completion rate by students who take the company\'s courses.  At the age of 16, he created a community called Cristalab, which, six years later, became the largest community of developers in Latin America. At this point, he merged his community with that of his co-founder, Christian Van Der Henst, and created Mejorando.la, a community with an educational offering.  With this growing community a new technology platform for streaming live classes with tools for engaging the audience, Freddy co-founded Platzi in 2013.  After graduating from the Winter 2015 class of YCombinator and continuing it\'s growth track, the company is setting it\'s sights on a global marketplace.Startup Grind Bogota features incredible talks with entrepreneurs from Startup Grind’s world wide network. StartupGrind is a global startup community designed to educate, inspire, and connect entrepreneurs. We host monthly events in more than 100 cities and 40 countries featuring successful local founders, innovators, educators and investors who share personal stories and lessons learned on the road to building great companies. Our monthly fireside chat interviews, startup mixers and annual conferences provide ample opportunities to connect with amazing startups and the people behind them, tap into a strong support network, form meaningful connections and gain inspiration for the startup journey ahead.Subscribe to Startup Grind Local:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHoM... Startup Grind on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/StartupG... Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/StartupGrindLike us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/StartupGrindFind a Startup Grind event in your area: www.startupgrind.com | Emily Chang is the San Francisco-based anchor and executive producer of “Bloomberg Technology,” Bloomberg Television’s weekday technology program. She is the author of ""Brotopia: Breaking Up the Boys’ Club of Silicon Valley,” which was published by Portfolio Books in February 2018.Arlan Hamilton built a venture capital fund from the ground up, while homeless. She is the Founder and Managing Partner of Backstage Capital, a fund that is dedicated to minimizing funding disparities in tech by investing in high-potential founders who are of color, women, and/or LGBT.GLOBAL CONFERENCE: https://www.startupgrind.com/conference/READ THE BLOG: https://medium.com/startup-grindTWITTER: https://twitter.com/StartupGrindFACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/StartupGrind/INSTAGRAM: https://www.instagram.com/startup/', 'chan_desc': 'Startup Grind is the largest independent startup community, actively educating, inspiring, and connecting more than 2,000,000 entrepreneurs in over 600 chapters. We nurture startup ecosystems in 125+ countries through events, media, and partnerships with organizations like Google for Startups.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/63/c6/1d/63c61dab-3e50-a96b-e013-265f79da1bb2/mza_3147417981734817360.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-08-03'}}

{'Real Stories of Success Podcast': {'title': 'Real Stories of Success Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Real-Stories-of-Success-Podcast-id2381648', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Ryan Hergott & Austin Larr', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 0, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.facebook.com/Real-Stories-of-Success-POD-Cast-with-Austin-and-Ryan-116656409720269/'], 'ep_total': 4, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:25:07', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:28:25', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:32:44', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:02:07', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Austin Larr pulls back the curtain on how his business consistently helps 1000’s of home buyer’s per year and explore the key leadership principals, process and systems which have helped his team become one of the Elite Top 1% of all mortgage loan officers Nationally. 1:00: \xa0Austin shares how letting go changed his life. Austin’s wife Renee helped him see that his plan of working 80+ hrs each week was not going to work.\xa0 Austin shares valuable insight to anybody struggling to expand their business and shows examples of how he was able to grow once he finally let go of day to day control within key areas in his business. 2:25:\xa0 What were the things you had to let go of first?  Austin gives examples of how he first implemented systems and process to expand his business and free up time.\xa0 How do you address those questions up front before the questions actually come to  3:30 - Green Time vs. Red Time  Austin shares practical examples of how to he structures his day with revenue generating activities using the system of Green Time vs. Red Time.\xa0 Green time is defined by Austin as Money time:\xa0 The time you spend doing activities that generate the highest returns and how to consistently fit them into your day.  6:30:\xa0 Austin dives into his philosophy for leadership and his passion for helping people lean into becoming the best version of themselves. “Working in business I’m very regimented when it comes to process, when it comes to people, I’m very unregimented.\xa0 I’m not trying to fit you into my box, I’m trying to help you do what you do best.\xa0 Whatever their skill set is, I want to help them play into that skill.”\xa0 Austin further explains, “figuring out what everybody’s skillset is and helping them lean into that has been what has helped fuel our growth” “We are looking for good people first.\xa0 I can teach you how to do this business, that’s all teachable.\xa0 I’m looking for people that are teachable and want to learn.\xa0 We bring people in and help them grow until they are ready to go out on their own.” 8:00:\xa0 Austin discusses how he uses Goals, Competition and Contests to keep it fun while helping everybody around him have record breaking years.\xa0 He also shows how a strong commitment to the fundamentals such as speed of response, picking up the phone, meeting clients face to face that will never quit being important to long term success. 13:00:\xa0 Austin shares his thoughts and strategies for dealing with the latest disruption in real estate marketplace: Technology and the iBuyer 16:00:\xa0 Getting better every day!\xa0 Austin’s commitment to daily improvement is a key factor to his growth.\xa0 Hear how he uses Events, Coaching and Teaching to stay ahead of the competition and continue to experience massive year over year growth! Austin’s Big 3 from this Episode:\xa0  Don’t think you can do it all.\xa0 Market as much as you can.\xa0 Networking, events, small event sponsorship find a way to talk about what you do every day. Develop your systems and process’.  \xa0 Real Stories of Success Facebook Connect with Austin: Facebook /\xa0Website /\xa0Email /\xa0317.797.3619 Connect with Ryan: Facebook /\xa0Instagram /\xa0Website /\xa0Email /\xa0317.509.7431 \xa0 | In this episode, home loan lending master, Austin Larr breaks\xa0down the fundamental principles which have fueled his explosive growth!\xa0 Austin and team consistently close over 1,000 loans per year in the Indianapolis market.\xa0 Austin discusses key strategies leading to long term success and even discusses the market disruption coming from today\'s "iBuyer" 2:15:\xa0 Austin discusses how embracing the relationship\xa0side of business has led to long term success and closing over 1,000 loans per year. 4:30:\xa0 Austin shows how leveraging process has led to explosive growth. 7:00:\xa0 Austin shares specific strategies he has used to experience growth and put himself in front of enough clients to achieve his goals. 9:30:\xa0 Austin shares his "secret weapon" for creating a steady stream of referrals and opportunities 15:00:\xa0 Austin gives insight to the daily habits and routines\xa0he employs\xa0which have led to year over year growth\xa0in his business and life. 20:30:\xa0 Austin talks about what he has had to give up to live the life of success he is today. 26:00:\xa0 How do real estate professionals handle the market disruption of the "iBuyer?" \xa0 Real Stories of Success Facebook Connect with Austin: Facebook /\xa0Website /\xa0Email /\xa0317.797.3619 Connect with Ryan: Facebook /\xa0Instagram /\xa0Website /\xa0Email /\xa0317.509.7431 | With over 1600 new homes closed over his career, Matt Kraiger breaks down his road to new home sales dominance.\xa0\xa0 From his humble beginnings to multiple years far exceeding $30,000,000 in home sales volume sold, Matt illustrates how a mastery of fundamental principals such as speed of response, asking the right questions and even hand written thank you notes have helped propel him to year over year growth and success. \xa0 "Speed of Response is not generational anymore."\xa0 "It doesn\'t matter what generation it is anymore, people expect a quick response." \xa0 Matt shares timeless sales wisdoms by demonstrating how after you know your product you can actually begin "Talking" to people.\xa0 "The more questions I can ask, the more answers I can get back which means I can better help you get into a home." \xa0  Real Stories of Success Facebook Connect with Austin: Facebook /\xa0Website /\xa0Email /\xa0317.797.3619 Connect with Ryan: Facebook /\xa0Instagram /\xa0Website /\xa0Email /\xa0317.509.7431  | Our Mission:\xa0\xa0This show is all about bringing you actionable insights, strategies and psychology to help you awaken your vision and take inspired action.\xa0 Our goal is to interview industry leaders, revolutionary thinkers and top performing individuals who are living beyond their comfort zones everyday to achieve success on their own terms. Real Stories of Success Facebook Connect with Austin: Facebook /\xa0Website /\xa0Email /\xa0317.797.3619 Connect with Ryan: Facebook /\xa0Instagram /\xa0Website /\xa0Email /\xa0317.509.7431', 'chan_desc': 'This show is all about bringing you actionable insights, strategies and psychology to help you awaken your vision and take inspired action.  Our goal is to interview industry leaders, revolutionary thinkers and top performing individuals who are living beyond their comfort zones everyday to achieve success on their own terms.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/03/86/c1/0386c10b-c72c-11e9-260f-963a5b378a3a/mza_8829331795098970131.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-20'}}

{'Rebel Therapist': {'title': 'Rebel Therapist', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Rebel-Therapist-id536708', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Annie Schuessler', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 175, 'play_count': 1544, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://rebeltherapist.me'], 'ep_total': 111, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-24', '00:30:59', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:44:26', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:47:19', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:37:26', 0], ['2019-07-30', '00:40:20', 0], ['2019-07-16', '00:41:19', 0], ['2019-07-02', '00:42:49', 0], ['2019-06-18', '00:43:20', 1], ['2019-06-04', '00:22:39', 0], ['2019-05-21', '00:43:30', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'This week I’m talking to Dr. Erin Griffiths, a\xa0holistic psychiatrist in San Francisco and the owner of Beyond Psychiatry. Listen as we talk about why she made a pivot from more traditional psychiatry and what that change has been like for her business so far. We stop working for others and create our own businesses partly because we want the freedom to work in the ways we want and the ways we really believe help our people the most. Then we can accidentally replicate the things we didn\'t love about wherever we were working before. Erin was brave enough to look at her business and acknowledge that it wasn\'t using all the best parts of her and she wasn\'t yet serving at her highest level. It was already a great business, but she wanted more for her and for her clients. Can you relate to this? I know I can. I know every single year I see things in my business that I\'ve replicated unconsciously. And then I\'m able to consciously change them. As you listen to Erin\'s story about creating beyond psychiatry, think about what you might want to grow beyond. \xa0 Topics Discussed In This Episode:  Pivoting towards holistic psychiatry Getting off of insurance plan The Combination of yoga, TMS, talk therapy and other services they provide Working with her team Rebranding and choosing a new name How her grandfather’s story inspired her logo and her business Her daily rituals for balance and productivity Her advice for her former self  Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/108 | Sarah Argenal is on a mission to eradicate the burnout epidemic that is crushing working parents. She offers programs to individuals and organizations to integrate mental and emotional support for parents in the workplace. She walks parents through a 4 step framework to craft a life. I see a theme here that I want you to pay close attention to. Sarah\'s 4 part framework is something that she has created and nurtured, and it\'s something she is becoming known for. Having a framework you can use to help you describe your work AND help people is a huge asset. It\'s your message AND it\'s your way of serving. Sarah didn\'t just stumble on this 4 part framework. She discovered and created it through observing herself and the thousands of parents she talked to. Now she\'s able to use that framework everywhere. She talks about it in podcast episodes. She talks about it in public speaking. She teaches it in workshops. She uses it in all of her content. She goes deep into one of the steps at times, and she sometimes gives an overview of all 4. This is an asset that she can build her business around. Listen to how Sarah is leveraging this asset. An asset like this can\'t be rushed. But time and energy you put into creating it is well invested. My business has doubled since I discovered and began to nurture my Rebel Therapist™ brand. It\'s what I\'m becoming known for. When I think about the individual rebels I work with, I see that they hit that hockey stick on the growth chart when they get clear on their message and what they want to be known for. Sarah shares a lot of gems in this interview, but if you remember ONE thing, remember what she has to say about finding the work and message she wants to be known for. \xa0 Topics Discussed In This Episode:  Why she focuses on helping working parents recover from burnout Having 2 tracks to her business: private work with parents and work with organizations How she customizes her 4-step framework for many different contexts Deciding to be known for one thing How she structures her online coaching program Creating workbooks to use within her program Using voxer as an extra support in her coaching How Annie and Sarah both manage time around between session support How she brings in private clients and how she brings in organizational clients Creating several different free offers and a marketing ecosystem Her advice for her former self Just in time learning rather than just in case learning  Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/107 | THIS WEEK: This week I’m featuring Jacquette Timmons, a financial behaviorist in New York City. We focused on two areas: how she prices her offerings and how she builds and nurtures her audience. If you\'re working on expanding your business beyond the therapy room, those are two areas you know require a lot of thought and attention. If you don\'t pay attention to them, your business can\'t thrive, even if your work is amazing. As we get into pricing, listen for how Jacquette combines trial and error with a careful process. She factors in everything including her expenses, what the outcomes are that she\'s providing, the value her clients place on that outcome, the time and energy the offer requires, and more. AND like I said, she allows for trial and error. You may think being methodical and using trial and error are mutually exclusive. Nope. Like Jacquette, I always leave room for experimentation. The first time I ran what is now Rebel Therapist, the cost was 1400, it happened over 8 sessions, and I had 3 amazing participants all who I\'d worked with before. Now the program is in a different iteration. It\'s a 2-day workshop, 4 and a half hours each day, and the fee as of this recording is 1000. Different format, different price. And that price will likely go up. You\'ll also hear how Jacqette builds and nurtures her audience. She has remained steadfast in her message and her mission even when others weren\'t ready to hear it. As a therapist moving your work beyond the therapy room, she\'s talking right to you. As she talks about staying steadfast in her message, think about what the messages you want to share. Is there something edgy that you find not everyone is ready to hear? Listen to Jacquette\'s experience with this. Another thing that stands out about how Jacquette builds and nurtures her audience is that she\'s not afraid to go deep. Rather than doing what everyone else seems to be doing, she has gone for depth. Her free content isn\'t quick or superficial. It takes a minute, and that has paid off. As you listen, think about how that might work for you in the business you build beyond the therapy room. How can you create content that is truly valuable and engaging? Topics Discussed In This Episode:  Why managing money is really about managing choices The combination fo services she offers, including private and corporate work Hosting The Comfort Circle™ Diners Why she doesn\'t believe in charging "what you\'re worth" How she chooses her prices How she builds her audience by showing up consistently Staying steadfast with her message even when it was unpopular Going deep with her free content How she creates synergy with all of her content marketing Starting her podcast, More Than Money Two pieces of advice for her former self  Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/106 | Show Notes: Ali Psiuk is a therapist and digital nomad. She runs her therapy practice from all over the world. This conversation might make you question your assumptions about what\'s possible in your business and life. As Ali talked about the freedom she\'s experiencing, and the awareness she has of her choices, I felt my own awareness expand. For a while now I\'ve been planning a long travel adventure for the summer of 2020, and I kept saying "this is just a maybe. we\'ll see if it works out." Right after this interview, I told Ali: now I see that I\'ve got to stop saying that. I\'ve got to decide it\'s happening and then work out all the pieces. by waiting to see whether or not it will all fall into place I\'m pretty much assuring that it won\'t happen. obstacles always come up. Ali agreed. Maybe you want to do more online work and you\'re not sure how to make it happen. Maybe there\'s another change you\'re getting ready to make. Maybe it\'s a travel adventure, launching a second business, radically shifting your hours, working in a different way, or moving. Listening to Ali\'s adventure story will help you see where the real limits exist and where you may be limiting yourself. \xa0 Topics Discussed In This Episode:  leaving her office behind and embracing a nomadic life working with a company that helps her coordinate all the details managing client relationships through the transition doing remote work ethically and legally Ali\'s daily rituals how she sets up her schedule and technology for remote therapy working through glitches how she draws clients into her practice money and fees (real numbers of course) writing and publishing her book, The Therapist Next Door  Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/105 | This week I’m talking to Heather Gray, a mindset consultant who works with entrepreneurs all over the world. Listen to what Heather is doing in her business that’s working for her. It\'s totally different from what most other therapists and coaches are doing. Listen to how she’s using ONE form of marketing to make her business thrive. Listen also to how she’s providing service to her clients on demand rather than in regularly scheduled sessions. Of course, you’ll hear some of the mindset work she’s moved through herself, which she now helps her clients move through. I left this conversation with new ideas for my own business and I think you will too! Topics Discussed In This Episode:  Permission to want more from your business Maintaining a DAILY podcast Giving up her therapy license Leaning into vulnerability to make a bigger impact Her life-changing time-management hack the difference between a goal and a decision Providing her coaching on demand through vox Using podcasting as her ONE lead generator Staying OFF of social media Breaking the therapist rules  Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/104 | This week I’m talking to Jamie Marich a therapist, author, speaker, and teacher who specializes in trauma. Listen as we talk about how she created a multi-faceted business, what her daily rituals look like, and how she’s made decisions to protect her energy and her vision. Topics Discussed In This Episode:  How she gives energy to all of the various roles she\'s in: consulting, teaching, writing, clinical work and more. Realizing that training clinicians and NOT teaching in academia is the right fit. The best advice she ever got: when you take on something, give up something else. How she takes care of herself energetically with an "iron-clad self-care plan." Her first hire, and how she\'s grown her team. Her company\'s extensive EMDR training component and how she makes it work. Getting help with everything outside of her most important work. Her writing practices: rituals and habits that have helped her write several books and articles. What sets aside good writing in our field. How she has chosen and hired the trainers in her company What a typical day looks like for Jamie  Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/103 | This week I’m talking to Tara McMullin, a powerhouse in the realm of serving small business owners. She’s the founder of the What Works Network and host of the What Works podcast. Listen as we talk about the transitions Tara has been through in her business. You’ll hear how starting with a VERY narrow niche helped to accelerate her growth. We also talk about how her ROLE has changed, and how and why she’s shifted away from advice-giving. You’ll also hear what’s been working extremely well for Tara in communicating on social media. It’s all about storytelling. As soon as you hear her experience with human-sized stories, you\'ll start using social media differently.\xa0Tara believes in sharing experience rather than advice, and you’re in for a treat as she shares some key parts of her own experiences in business. Topics Discussed In This Episode:  The very narrow nice she started with (Makers in PA) How she built trust and credibility QUICKLY in that first niche Shifting her focus and growing her audience exponentially without losing trust or quality The importance of being transparent with your audience about the pivots in your business Why small and specific stories are WAY more effective than general ones How to use smaller stories in your social media and everywhere you share your message Pivoting her role away from advice giver and towards community facilitator The morning routine that helps her to be powerful in her business every day  Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/102 | I brought in the branding goddess who\'s helped me with Rebel Therapist, Jenny Ambrose of Puree Fantastico. She\'s here to tell you that branding is not what you think it is. Branding is a way to express who you are, what you do, and even what it FEELS like to work with you. Yep, good branding goes deep. Good branding integrates everything in your business. In this conversation, we talk about my experience working with Jenny and how my own ideas about branding evolved with her help. She also gives us ideas about how to get started with branding on your own and how to know whether it might be a good time to hire a pro. Topics Discussed In This Episode:  How good branding can level up your business Sad mistakes people make with their branding Branding is NOT just about logos, rather it is all over your business How to start exploring branding on your own Why you should look in your closet when you\'re working on branding Who\'s ready to hire a branding pro and who isn\'t How much good branding costs Using archetypes to home in on your brand expression  Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/101 | This is episode 100! I wanted to do something special and different this week. The theme today is lessons learned in expanding your business. I’ve been focusing more and more on my own lessons learned as I’m sharing on social media and especially with my email list. I’ve been talking about how as entrepreneurs, we find ourselves learning in public. We can either acknowledge what we’re learning, or we can try to seem as if we know everything. I’m much more interested in telling you what I’m learning and even acknowledging my mistakes. I think it’s WAY more useful to you and it also allows me to be myself, which makes my life better. I’ve been running this program, Rebel Mastermind, where therapists level up their businesses and serve in new ways beyond the therapy room. I invited some folks who are in the middle of that program to bravely share with you. I asked each of them to tell us one surprising thing they’ve learned or are learning in the process of expanding their businesses, and how that lesson is playing out in their businesses so far. Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/100 | This week I’m talking to Jessica Jones, a registered dietician and co-founder of the very popular podcast Food Heaven Made Easy. Listen as we talk about how Jessica and Wendy Lopez developed their podcast, exactly how they plan and create each episode, and how they maintain a healthy business partnership and close friendship. I’m really into bringing you amazing people like Jessica. It’s helpful to hear from people in our field, but it’s also SO helpful to hear from people in adjacent fields. Sometimes that’s where I’ve gotten my best ideas and practices, and that’s been true for the Rebels in my masterminds as well.  Topics Discussed In This Episode:  Identifying their ideal audience member/target person, “Chrisette” and what they learn from her Starting out on public access television in NYC and then expanding to Youtube Creating their podcast, Food Heaven Made Easy in 2015 and then growing and monetizing it The smartest move they made in their business: starting an email list early Doubling their income year over year Working through good times \xa0and challenging times with her business partner and close friend, Wendy Lopez Identifying and leaning into their different strengths in the business Annie (over?) shares about her marriage Their podcast process (we get into some great hacks) Transitioning all the content in their business to a Health At Every Size approach Creating digital products Jessica’s take on online courses (and Annie’s take too)   Show notes at http://rebeltherapist.me/podcast/99', 'chan_desc': "Rebel Therapist is the podcast where you'll get support in being a therapist entrepreneur. I'm Annie Schuessler, therapist and business coach and strategist for therapists. I'll support you in taking your work beyond the therapy room to make an even bigger impact. I interview Rebel Therapists who are already doing work beyond the therapy room, from running workshops to writing books to creating online courses. You'll hear about how they created their unique businesses, the mindset work they've done, and the mistakes they've made along the way. Get the inspiration and information you need to be a Rebel Therapist, starting now.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e5/f1/84/e5f18481-8fb0-1e6c-b207-0d08f405af86/mza_7717620314229189792.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-04-24'}}

{'Hustle To Freedom: Everyday People Creating Extraordinary Side Hustles': {'title': 'Hustle To Freedom: Everyday People Creating Extraordinary Side Hustles', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Hustle-To-Freedom%3A-Everyday-People-Creating-Extraordinary-Side-Hustles-id2050350', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Ryan Helms', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 655, 'play_count': 7347, 'ch_feed-socials': [], 'ep_total': 143, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:59:03', 0], ['2019-09-27', '01:00:42', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:39:38', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:57:27', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:18:05', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:33:37', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:35:00', 0], ['2019-08-09', '01:05:26', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:42:19', 0], ['2019-07-22', '00:35:00', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "This is a repost of an interview I did on the HUSTLR Podcast. We talk about scaling side hustles and how to crush your debt so you can live without constraints.\xa0You can check out the HUSTLR Podcast here.--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a FREE hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | I sat down with Prady Tewarie to chat about his journey from being a starting a side hustle in college, scaling and selling that, to repeating the process with several other companies.\xa0We dive into two things really heavily on this talk:The importance of systemsThe importance of building relationshipsThroughout this conversation we will uncover how Prady approaches both of these to ensure business success.\xa0--Learn more about Joshua at:Follow Prady on IG: https://www.instagram.com/iampradyuman/Pickup some of his brain supplements: https://getazoth.com/(be sure to use HUSTLE at checkout)--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a FREE hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | How Joshua Lisec turned a passion for writing into a low paying side hustle into a multi-six-figure ghostwriting side hustle. \xa0--Learn more about Joshua at:https://entrepreneurswordsmith.com/https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshualisec/\xa0--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a FREE hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | In this episode, I get to sit down and chat with Mai-Kee Tsang about her journey from stumbling into the world of copywriting by winning a Facebook challenge.--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a free hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | Controlling your inputs for the information you consume is quite possibly the greatest micro-hack that anyone can do. This had an insane impact on my life and I KNOW it will on yours as well.Listen to this episode to learn 4 ways you can begin controlling your inputs so that you can get more done nd have a bigger impact on the world.--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a free hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | I'm debt free after a long 27-month journey!In this episode, I'm going to dive into what it took to knock out over $200,000 in debt over the course of just 27-months.Spoliler alert: There isn't a magic pill or easy button, but I will give you the exact framework and though processes I used to tackle this ambitious goal.Resources From This Episode:My side hustle: www.legacyppodcasting.comThe Side Hustle Journal: www.gritandhustle.coFi/re Subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/financialindependence/Personal Finance Subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/The Debt Free chart I used--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a free hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | In this episode I got to sit down with Nikko from Nikko Industries to talk about his 3D Printing side hustle that is making real dough.Nikko didn't have a background in 3D Printing but he found the desire to make cool movie props with his kids then stumbled into a market that had plenty of demand. Now, when he isn't making amazingly detailed props, he is selling designs and teaching others how to start their own 3D Printing side hustle as well.You can check out Nikko at:https://www.nikkoindustries.comhttps://www.3dprintedprofits.com/https://www.instagram.com/nikko.industries/--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a free hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | In this episode, Charlie Liu from Digitsu shares how over the past 12 years him and his partner have grown from just a basic WordPress blog publishing content to the top instructional video platform in the Jiu-Jitsu industry. Generating $500,000 in sales during the 2017 year isn't bad for a side hustle.You can check out his site at www.Digitsu.comDuring the discussion, he recommends a few books that he thought the audience should check out:[The Art Of Happiness][2]You can pick up your copy of The Side Hustle Journal over at www.gritandhustle.coIf you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a free hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | In this episode, I am chatting Shirag Shemmassian about how he leveraged one of his superpowers, getting into grad school and post-grad to eventually help others along the way. Turns out, there is a lot of people that need help doing this. So much so that last year Shirag's side hustle brought in over $500,000 in revenue.Not too shabby. Let's dive into this conversation now to hear how he did it.You can learn more about Shirag by visiting his website at www.shemmassianconsulting.com--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a free hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest | In this episode, I am chatting with Scott Keyes from Scott's Cheap Flights. This was an exciting interview for me because I started using Scott's service a few years ago and never thought I'd have him on the podcast. In this episode, we talk about how he a grown this from just scouring the internet looking for cheap flights for himself to doing the same thing but with 30 people on his team and over 1.5 million subscribers to his service.You can check Scott's Cheap Flights by visitin scottscheapflights.comYou can pick up your copy of The Side Hustle Journal over at https://www.gritandhustle.co--Four ways you can support this podcast:Take a screenshot of this podcast and send it to a friend who may like itI am doing a drawing for a free hard copy of The Side Hustle Journal for every 5 iTunes reviews. So if you want a chance to win, leave a rating and review on iTunes or Apple podcasts and send me an email at hello@gritandhustle.co. Detailed instructions on how to do this are at www.gritandhustle.co/reviewTake your side hustle to the next level by implementing a sales funnel to turn your passive website visitors into paying customer with ClickFunnels, the #1 sales funnel software in the world. You can get a free trial by going to www.gritandhustle.co/profitIf you are interested in podcasting, which is the fastest growing content medium in the world, head over to www.gritandhustle.co/podcastingmadeeasy to enroll in my course now.If you have an awesome side hustle that you would like to share with the world, I'd love to have you on my podcast.You can schedule a podcast interview by going to calendly.com/gritandhustleco/guest", 'chan_desc': 'Hustle To Freedom is a podcast that highlights everyday people, just like you, who are building extraordinary side hustles in their spare time. Each episode is a one-on-one interview with someone growing a successful side hustle while they work a 9 to 5 day job or someone has recently turned their side hustle into a full-time gig. You will hear motivating stories from people who have created profitable blogs, apps, service-based businesses, SAAS, eCommerce, marketing agencies and much more. Without a doubt, some of my guests will be the next Russell Brunson, Pat Flynn, Gary Vaynerchuk, Tony Robbins, John Lee Dumas, Amy Porterfield of the world. Sit back, listen, and see the next wave of entrepreneurs who are starting with just a side hustle.\nYour friend and host Ryan Helms', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/95/8d/0a/958d0a30-722d-9023-5f19-1085847e9c37/mza_2826623205118089237.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-03-23'}}

{'The BJJ Mental Coach Podcast with Gustavo Dantas': {'title': 'The BJJ Mental Coach Podcast with Gustavo Dantas', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-BJJ-Mental-Coach-Podcast-with-Gustavo-Dantas-id1304170', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jiu Jitsu Entrepreneur', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 173, 'play_count': 2217, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.thebjjmentalcoachpodcast.com/episodes/'], 'ep_total': 75, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-06', '00:53:55', 0], ['2019-09-29', '00:48:00', 0], ['2019-09-22', '01:14:42', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:57:14', 0], ['2019-09-08', '01:27:36', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:09:20', 0], ['2019-09-01', '01:16:30', 0], ['2019-08-25', '00:58:38', 0], ['2019-08-18', '01:15:47', 0], ['2019-08-11', '01:08:52', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Guy and Rob Pendergrass are black belts from Gustavo Machado and they are co-owners and operators of the Pendergrass Academy of Martial Arts.This was the first time I interviewed two people at the same time, and I believe that you will enjoy this format.They shared their thirty years of Martial Arts experience, they talked about treating your business like a business, not as a hobby.And My main takeaway from the interview came when we talked about what they called the "\'if only" Mindset. If only I had more money, If only I had more time, If I only were more intelligent, If only I had started earlier...and so on, which inspired me to title this episode AVOIDING THE "IF ONLY" MINDSET.Stick around for my final thoughts after the interview when I expand on how to avoid the "If Only" Mindset.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the podcast! OSS!Gustavo Dantas\xa0Itunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6zResources:www.bjjnc.com\xa0Books:E-Myth Revisited - Michael GerberThe Myth of Multitasking - Dave Crenshaw | Michael Zenga is a black belt in Jiu-Jitsu and Judo, and the co-founder of BJJ Fanatics, a premier source for instructional digital videos and DVDs in the world.I mentioned during the interview that it was the second time we talked about BJJ Fanatics in the Podcast. The first time was on episode number six when I interviewed the IBJJF Hall of Fame Competitor, Bernardo Faria, who is his business partner. Great episode, check it out when you have a chance.He talked about the importance of customer service, he shared about his habit of being curious, which means, always seeking knowledge, and my takeaway from the interview came when we talked about security in your professional career, which inspired me to title this episode: "Sharpening your skills for security."Stick around for my final thoughts after the interview when I share with you three factor that can determine your professional success and financial security.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the podcast! OSS!Gustavo DantasThe BJJ Mental Coach -\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y2g5fjokItunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6zWWW.BJJFANATICS.COMBook Recommendation:The 4-hour workweek - Tim Ferris | Cris Rodriguez is a 2nd-degree Black Belt. She is the co-owner of Gracie PAC MMA in Tampa, Florida, the founder of Jitz University 2.0 and the CEO of Gro Pro Digital Marketing agency.She talked about the imposter syndrome, the importance of finding a mentor that is living the life you want to live,and the concept of the three "T\'s" to success.My takeaway from the interview came when I asked her: how does jiu-jitsu relate to life? And her answer inspired to title this episode "Gritty Mindset". (G-R-I-T-T-Y)Stick around for my final thoughts after the interview when I share with you a concept from the best selling book "Grit: The power of passion and perseverance" by Angela Duckworth.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the Podcast! OSS!Gustavo DantasThe BJJ Mental Coach -\xa0https://tinyurl.com/yyub7dy6Itunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6zSources:www.jitzuniversity.com\xa0www.groproagency.com\xa0Book recommendation:Traction by Gino Wickman | Rolles Gracie is a 4th degree Black Belt who owns and operates the Rolles Gracie Academy in Old Bridge, New Jersey and he is the president of Kasai Elite Grappling Championships.He shared how jiu-jitsu is a tool that everyone could use in their lives and that he became a good problem solver because of it. He also talked about how loving what you do won\'t necessarily guarantee you success, even though it is a crucial element for success.My takeaway from the interview came when we talked about perfectionism, which inspired me to title this episode "Balancing Perfectionism."Stick around for my final thoughts after the interview when I share with you the concept of the three rational "R\'s", a concept that can help you, or someone you know, to balance perfectionism.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the podcast!Gustavo DantasThe BJJ Mental Coach -\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3o9zzk9Itunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6zhttps://rollesgracieacademy.com | Marcio "Pe de Pano" Cruz is a 5th-degree black belt, a six-time IBJJF World Champion, ADCC world champion, and a UFC veteran. He owns and operates two academies in Florida.He shared how he transferred his competition mindset to business. He talked about taking responsibility and stopping blaming others for your own mistakes, something that he mentioned he did himself early in his career.My takeaway from the interview came right at the beginning of the interview when I asked how jiu-jitsu relates to life, and his answer was the ability to solve problems, which inspired me to title this episode: "Solving problems using a BJJ Mindset".Stick around for my final thoughts after the interview when I share with you 4 Steps to solving any business problem.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the podcast!Gustavo DantasThe BJJ Mental Coach Podcast -\xa0https://tinyurl.com/yywt5vw3Itunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6zwww.marciocruzbjj.com | GD thoughts #1 - 2019 Origin USA Immersion Camp in Maine from August 25th to the 31st. These audios won\'t be as consistent as the interviews; however, when I have something to say I will let you know through the GDT :)Gustavo Dantaswww.originmaine.com | Pascal Pakter is the CEO of Hyperfly, one of the leading gi and apparel companies in the world.He shared his early age entrepreneurial experiences as a kid; he talked about the importance of knowing yourself and why you want to become an entrepreneur and my takeaway from the interview was when he spoke about the struggles of entrepreneurship, which inspired me to title this episode The Obstacle is the way, which is the name of Ryan Holiday\'s book, a book that Pascal mentioned during the interview.Stick around for my final thoughts after the interview when I expand on the three essential concepts of the book The Obstacle is the way.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the podcast!Gustavo DantasThe BJJ Mental Coach Podcast -\xa0https://tinyurl.com/yyv8j48uItunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6zSourceswww.hyperfly.com\xa0BooksThe Obstacle is the WayRelentlessJonathan Livingston Seagul | Mauricio "Tinguinha" Mariano is a 5th-degree back belt, the owner of Tinguinha Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Yorba Linda, California, and also the national director for the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program for all UFC Gyms.He talked about the importance of having mentors in your life, his struggle with asking for help, which I resonate very much so and my take away from the interview was when I asked him about a suggestion to all aspiring entrepreneurs, and his answer inspired me to title this episode: "Find your passion and live it."Stick around for my final thoughts after the interview when I talk about the correlation between passion and authenticity.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the podcast! OSS!Gustavo DantasItunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6zThe BJJ Mental Coach Podcast -\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3zqkcmxSources:https://www.tinguinha.com\xa0Book suggestion:\xa0How to win friends and influence people | Yasi Pujols is a purple belt under Pablo Silva and has a Ph.D. in clinical psychology from the University of Texas in Austin. Yasi works with BJJ athletes to overcome anxiety and performance nerves.This episode we talked a little bit more about Jiu-Jitsu then usual, she shared her competition experiences and dealing with performance anxiety. She also talked about the importance of aspiring or experienced entrepreneurs to understand WHY they do what they do.My take away came right at the beginning of the interview when I asked: "How do you feel jiu-jitsu relates to life?" And her answer inspired me to title this episode Developing your mental fortitude.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the podcast! OSS!Gustavo DantasThe BJJ Mental Coach -\xa0https://tinyurl.com/yxm44kkjItunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6z\xa0Sources:https://anchor.fm/dryasipujolshttps://www.facebook.com/dr.yasifit/Book: Think and Growth Rich | Lucas Lepri is a nine-time black belt World Champion(Gi & No-Gi) who is in the Hall of Fame of the IBJJF.He talked about the struggles of balancing being a professional athlete, a husband, and father, and a business owner.During the interview, he mentioned that after he won his first black belt World title in 2007, he started to pressure himself in competitions saying things like: "Now, I\'m a World Champion, I have to win. I\'m expected to win. My sponsors expect me to win. I can\'t lose to this guy or that guy..."For the next six years, Lucas got stuck on this mindset until he started to train his mind with the book PSYCHOLOGY OF CHAMPIONS, which helped him to perform to the best of his abilities again, not losing a match at the World Championship from 2014 to 2019.And inspired by his book\'s suggestion, I decided to title this episode Psychology of Champions. And for my final thoughts after the interview, I read the book to share with you my takeaway, but hopefully, you get inspired to read the book as well and implement some of the tactics of the Psychology of Champions.Subscribe, rate, and review the podcast! I would love to hear your feedback about the show; you can reach me at info@thebjjmentalcoach.comEnjoy the podcast! OSS!Gustavo DantasItunes –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/y45kymp4Google Plus –\xa0https://tinyurl.com/ydetberfStitcher –\xa0http://tinyurl.com/y52f5u6zhttps://lepribjjonline.comhttps://lepribjj.comBook Suggestion:Psychology of Champions', 'chan_desc': 'Welcome to the BJJ Mental Coach podcast, I’m your host Gustavo Dantas. I am a 5th degree black belt in Jiu-Jitsu, a Certified High Performance Coach and the founder of the BJJ Mental Coach movement. The idea behind the BJJ Mental Coach was to create a program designed to help you to discover the negative patterns that might be holding you back from being your authentic self on the mat and how to deal with the issue, and the cool thing is that consequently it will reflect on but also off the mat as well, in your personal and professional life. And in this podcast we go there, we go BEYOND THE MAT. This podcast is dedicated to a selective group of entrepreneurs, small business owners and/or aspiring entrepreneurs, who train jiu-jitsu and want to take their mindset to an even higher level, on and off the mat. Every Monday, our guests, who also happen to train in Jiu-Jitsu, will share with you their failures, their successes, the mindset and habits of successful high-performers, plus provide you with valuable content on Entrepreneurship, Personal Development & BJJ that will help you during your entrepreneurial journey. Our mission is to inspire YOU, a Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, an entrepreneur and/or aspiring entrepreneur, to take your mindset to an even higher level, to consistently accept and embrace new challenges in your life, and to consistently pursue your journey of becoming the best version of yourself. So, if you’re committed to growing, evolving, not only as an business person, a Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, but also as a human being… The BJJ Mental Coach Podcast is for you!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/ad/8e/bb/ad8ebb55-0f4c-b8b3-ea0b-123b5db16339/mza_8504915879395455101.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-05-23'}}

{'The Handyman Startup Podcast:  Small Business | Marketing | Lifestyle | Home Improvement': {'title': 'The Handyman Startup Podcast:  Small Business | Marketing | Lifestyle | Home Improvement', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Handyman-Startup-Podcast%3A-Small-Business-|-Marketing-|-Lifestyle-|-Home-Improvement-id104101', 'num_comments': 7, 'author': 'Handyman | Small Business Owner', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 174, 'play_count': 2349, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.handymanstartup.com/blog/'], 'ep_total': 23, 'recent_eps': [['2015-01-13', '01:04:33', 0], ['2014-11-10', '00:52:01', 0], ['2014-10-16', '00:31:48', 0], ['2014-09-18', '00:59:47', 0], ['2014-08-18', '00:38:25', 0], ['2014-07-25', '00:38:12', 0], ['2014-06-26', '00:38:39', 0], ['2014-05-17', '00:42:30', 0], ['2014-04-01', '00:44:22', 0], ['2014-03-06', '00:41:42', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Need help with your bookkeeping or accounting? Good news! \xa0In this episode, I interview Randal DeHart, the leading expert in outsourced construction bookkeeping and accounting services for small construction companies across the USA. And,\xa0Randal isn’t just an accountant, he’s also a former plumbing contractor\xa0with 20 years of experience. \xa0So, not only does he understand handyman […] | Are you still on the fence with whether or not a handyman business can actually work? \xa0Or, are you hesitant to get started? \xa0If so, you’re going to get inspired by this episode where I share a great interview with brand new Australian handyman business owner, Justin Terrill. This is the first time I’ve had […] | When I started my handyman business 3 years ago, I\xa0didn’t look like the typical handyman. \xa0I didn’t have much experience, I didn’t have a reputation to help spread the word, and I looked like I was 18. Let’s just say customers weren’t sprinting\xa0to their phones in a mad dash to call me. That’s why I […] | Have you ever thought about becoming a franchisee? If so, you’re going to love\xa0this Interview. In this episode of the Handyman Startup podcast, I talk with\xa0Linda Stanfield, owner of Benjamin Franking Plumbing in Chandler, Arizona. Linda has worked with her husband\xa0to grow their own Benjamin Franklin Plumbing and has had a lot of success doing […] | In this episode of The Handyman Startup Podcast, I discuss a fundamental\xa0part of any good marketing strategy – Your story. You may be thinking, “who cares about my story, I’m just a regular dude starting a handyman business.” That’s what I thought when I first started my handyman business, too. \xa0I thought customers just wanted […] | In this episode of the Handyman Startup Podcast, I sit down with Ed Padilla, founder of ACHP (Association of Certified Handyman Professionals). Ed has a really interesting story. \xa0After being trapped in the corporate rat race for several years, he realized that he wanted something else. \xa0So, he quit his job and capitalized on the […] | In this episode of the Handyman Startup Podcast I’ve got a\xa0special guest\xa0–\xa0Chuck Solomon. \xa0Chuck is a former handyman business owner, an author of multiple books, and a business consultant. He’s literally written the book on how to start and grow a handyman business. \xa0(See resources below for a link.) \xa0He’s also just an all around […] | In this episode of the Handyman Startup Podcast I share 7 of the most valuable lessons I’ve learned in the last 3 years in business. \xa0These are lessons that have changed my mindset and the way I view business, people, and the world in general. Today marks exactly three years since I quit my engineering […] | In this episode of the Handyman Startup Podcast, I’ve got something special for all you landscaping contractors out there. I bring on Christy Webber of Christy Webber Landscapes in Chicago, IL and uncover her story and how she went from a small town lady mowing lawns, to running one of the largest Landscaping companies in […] | Looking for an easy way to increase your profitability? \xa0Consider limiting your service area. \xa0That’s what Michael Rodriguez (a.k.a MROD) of BelleCreak Handyman & Remodeling did. In fact, he built his business while focusing primarily on a single subdivision. \xa0Listen in to this episode of the Handyman Startup Podcast to learn all about it. I’m […]', 'chan_desc': "Handyman Business owner, Dan Perry, provides an inside perspective on how to dominate in the home service business through his insightful marketing tips and strategies.  If you are a home repair expert, plumber, electrician, handyman, HVAC specialist, pool guy, lawn care service, maid, carpet cleaner, or contractor, this podcast is for you.  As a small business owner himself, he has figured out what works and what doesn't and is willing to put it all on the line to help you succeed.Many episodes feature interviews with successful trade business owners.  Learn from the best in these exclusive one-on-one talks.Learn everything you need to know including:  Online marketing for small business, customer service, accounting, pricing strategies, how to start a handyman business, advertising ideas, vehicle branding, business licensing, and much more.If you enjoy the podcast, be sure to subscribe and leave a review!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts71/v4/d2/a1/5a/d2a15a66-d34f-3668-bca7-b8a9153c6ebb/mza_8789753242982141969.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2013-03-25'}}

{'Business with Purpose': {'title': 'Business with Purpose', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Business-with-Purpose-id1037336', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Molly Stillman - Blogger Speaker Believer and Social Change Agent', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 158, 'play_count': 1405, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.stillbeingmolly.com/business-with-purpose-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 163, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:44:38', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:43:01', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:40:22', 0], ['2019-09-11', '01:00:32', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:48:12', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:50:59', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:59:06', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:44:57', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:55:43', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:50:03', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Marianna Sachse is the founder of Jackalo, an industry-changing line of durable, organic children’s clothes. That in and of itself is awesome, but Marianna and Jackalo take their purpose one step further by accepting all of their used clothes back to be repaired and resold or responsibility recycled. Jackalo’s innovation is reducing the environmental impact of the children’s apparel sector and I can’t wait for you to hear Marianna’s story and how Jackalo came to be! 2:16 – The Marianna 101  Marianna founded Jackalo, a line of durable and sustainable playwear for kids ages 4 to 14. Before starting Jackalo in July of 2018, Marianna already had a career in public health as well as many years of experience working in social change. Originally from Washington D.C., four years she moved to The Netherlands for her husband’s job. She knew she wanted to get an idea of the ground at that time focusing on the durability of children’s clothes. When she noticed that her oldest son’s clothes weren’t lasting very long, she started researching more durable clothing brands, but very few of them met her standards on ethics and environmentalism. She saw an opportunity to do it better and decided to start pursuing her idea of her own clothing line. More specifically, she noticed that her mom friends who had kids who were more sensitive needed durable clothing that still felt good to the touch. Living in The Netherlands proved a great location to build the foundation of her company. She lives near hubs of the fashion industry and fabric production.  7:04 – Where Do You Begin?  Trial and error seem to be a theme when starting a business from scratch, and Marianna’s story is no different. She started with a fabric trade show in Paris and walked the floors with her business card just talking to vendors. Most of the vendors were not prepared to help a startup business in a sustainable way because they were looking to sell more fabric than a startup would need. Marianna quickly learned that it wasn’t the right path. Instead, Marianna joined an online group called Startup Fashion and found a mentor named Dana Fried, who has helped many successful fashion companies and helped Marianna carve her own path to a sustainable clothing business and while proving to partners that her business would grow. Marianna did her own fabric sourcing in order to have more control over quality and sustainability. When she researched a little deeper, she often found environmental certifications for fabric companies lacking with the tougher fabrics. Marianna found a mill in Germany that works with sustainable producers to raise cotton at the highest level of organic certification while also using solar energy and taking smaller fabric orders. Since Marianna knows how to sew, knit, draw, etc., Marianna initially hired a freelancer for the first garment and then studied taught herself how to do technical flat designs.  15:18 – Purpose and Healing  When Marianna’s son was just four months old, her mother was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer and began palliative care. In the middle of her mother’s illness, Marianna found out she was pregnant with her second son, and a month-in-a-half into the pregnancy she found out she was in the early stages of a “molar pregnancy.” In a season of loss, community with women who understand is a powerful thing. Once Marianna told her story, she realized it was important not only for her to share for her own healing, but the healing of others as well. No matter what kind of loss you experience, you don’t get over grief, you move on with it. It’s important to experience grief together while understanding we all experience it differently. This journey of grief taught Marianna about the need to nurture her creative side. It made her realize how central creativity is to her identity and decided to set aside time and space for creating every day.  32:16 – The Future of Jackalo  Marianna\'s goal with Jackalo is to find ways to reuse as much as possible for as long as possible. Her research has shown that there are plenty of sustainable, durable clothes to reuse with Infants and toddlers, but the market is lacking in the same kinds of clothes for older kids. Jackalo aims to sell clothes that are so well made that they will last through a hand-me down phase AND the second-hand market. Jackalo’s trade program allows families to send back their used Jackalo clothing to be washed, repaired, and resold. Marianna is now starting to receive hand me downs back that only need to be washed and will upcycle any of those that cannot be resold. Keeping second-hand clothes in the US is also an important way to reduce the waste we send to places that don’t want it and where it disrupts the local economy.\xa0  38:18 – Getting To Know Our Guest  Find out what Marianna’s favorite TV show when she was a kid, what cheesy song she has memorized, what she’s reading, and of course what it means to her to run a business with purpose.  Connect with Marianna Marianna Sachse is the founder of the triple bottom line enterprise https://hellojackalo.com/—an industry-changing line of durable and organic children’s clothes that accepts all of the used clothes back to be repaired and resold or responsibly recycled, thus reducing reducing the environmental impact of the children’s apparel sector. Prior to launching Jackalo, Marianna spent nearly twenty years helping individuals and communities improve their health and wellbeing. She worked with and for such noted organizations as the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the Whitman Walker Clinic, the Aspen Institute, and the Federal Reserve Board.  Hello Jackalo https://www.facebook.com/hellojackalo/ https://twitter.com/hellojackalo https://pinterest.com/hellojackalo/ https://www.instagram.com/hellojackalo/  | Happy Birthday, Business with Purpose Podcast! You are three years old, and this one’s for you! It’s time to take a look back and celebrate over 160 episodes and all the fun we’ve had along the way! In this solo show, I’ll be reflecting on the incredible stories about people who are changing the world in both their personal lives and their careers. I never would have dreamed we’d still be here three years later telling these stories to inspire thousands of you all over the world to pursue a life of purpose and passion, impacting the world around you on a greater scale. I’ll be answering your questions, and even bringing my husband on for a segment! Sit back, relax, and enjoy as we celebrate three years of the Business with Purpose Podcast!\xa0 2:48 – Lessons from the Pros 1. Don’t Wait, Just Start!  Every. single. guest. on my show has wishes they’d started sooner. Whatever it is you want to do, don’t wait for it to be perfect. Put in the hard work but start right where you are.  2. Don’t Quit  Success happens to those who keep showing up, especially when the going gets tough. It’s hard, but as long as there if work left to be done, you have to keep going!  3. Ask for Help (So that You Can Keep Going)  We are created to live in community, and you can’t go at it alone. Ask friends and family for support and hire employees for the places that are pain points.  6:18 – Which ones of these do you struggle with? Let me know in the comments on social media, send me an email. I’d love to have your feedback! 6:43 – Your Questions! 7:22 - Question One: “How have you seen the impact of fair trade and ethical brands grow over the past three years?” 9:26 - Question Two: “If your business ended today, what would you want to pursue?” 11:17 – Question Two: “How do you find speaking engagements? Do you have an agent? How do you do that?” 14:27 – Question Three: “How well do Amos and Lilly really get along?” 16:27 – “Have you ever gotten a negative comment about shopping ethically, and how did you respond?” 18:48 – “What does your typical day look like? Typical week?” Thank you for your questions! 23:34 –\xa0 My husband, John Stillman Joins Me to Answer More Questions 27:28- How often do you get away without the kids? 30:00 – What is your favorite date night this year? 31:48 – As you’ve edited Molly’s show over the last three years, what is something you’ve learned that maybe you didn’t expect you’d learn? 34:47 – Your wife is really passionate about shopping ethically. Are you as passionate, or are you passionate because she is, and do you have any advice as I try to get my husband on board? Thank you so much for joining me for this 3rd Birthday Celebration of the Business With Purpose Podcast! I’d love it if you’d share this episode on social media and tag me @StillBeingMolly and @BusinessWithPurpose podcast with the hashtag #businesswithpurposepodcast Let me know which of the 160 + episodes are your favorite so far! Let us know on social media, tag us, share it, and leave us a little birthday present in the form of subscribing and leaving us a review. This lets us me know what you’re liking and how the show is personally impacting you! Happy 3rd Birthday, Business With Purpose Podcast! Thank you for all of your support along the way! I couldn’t do it without you! Here’s to many more episodes and celebrations along the way! Now, go do something good, with purpose, on purpose. | Wen King is the founder of the Fair Trade brand, Rover + Kin. I first met Wen at the Fair Trade Federation Conference after stumbling upon her table at the expo. Her gorgeous fair trade clothing literally stopped me in my tracks. Wen has combined her incredible eye for design with a passion for supporting artisans and their stories. Join me as I hear from Wen about living in Northern India, building a Fair Trade small business from the ground up, and taking her business one step further to explore education, health care, microfinance, and more. 4:50 - The Wen 101  After college, Wen was faced with the question of whether to go to graduate school or find an entry level job. Instead, she decided to flip the script by moving to India. She started her first business and lived in India for more than eight years. Wen sourced local handmade goods for her café, and found herself drawn to both the traditional craft and artisan stories behind the products she sold.\xa0 When she and her husband moved back to the US, Wen knew she wanted to bring those crafts back with her, and she and her husband opened their first store in Berkley, CA. Rover + Kin started by growing a business to support as many artisans in India as possible. It’s important to Wen to understand the process of creating traditional textiles in India, as well the time and attention necessary to create a hand-made article of clothing.  10:44 – From Cafe to Clothing  The name Rover + Kin came from Wen being the “Rover” who goes place to place visiting artisans or “Kin”. Sustainability on both sides is very important to Wen. Rover + Kin artisans are paid around 35% higher than the average wage of the industry in India, receive access to full healthcare, educational resources for their children, community microfinancing, and capacity-building initiatives.\xa0 Wen creates simple, timeless designs knowing that they will remain popular despite trends that come and go. Rover + Kin clothing is made in woman-owned and managed co-op in West Bengal, India. The co-op has been around for 34 years, long before Fair Trade became popular in the West. Wen and the women work closely together to create a mutually understanding of the process of making sustainable, fair trade clothing.  28:43 – Telling The Stories  Wen would like to work with nonprofit partners on the ground in India to grow the story-telling side of her business to share more artisan stories with the world.  Getting To Know Our Guest  Find out who Wen would choose to sit next to her on a 10-hour flight, what she would do if she knew no one was judging her, what she’s reading right now, and of course, what it means for her to run a business with purpose.  ABOUT Wen-Yan King Wen is the founder of Rover & Kin, a fair trade fashion brand that incorporates modern design with traditional artisan techniques. Wen was born in Taiwan and raised in Minnesota. But curiosity of the world got the better of her so she spent most of her 20s backpacking around the world. Wen eventually settled in northern India where she lived and ran her first business for nearly a decade. During her time in India, she fell in love with the craftsmanship\xa0of artisan made and witnessed first hand the impact of fair trade. Since then, she has been a proactive advocate for fair trade as one of the most effective methods of sustainable development. Wen is currently based in the San Francisco Bay Area and is also the co-owner of Koraa, a fair trade brick and mortar based in Berkeley, California. Connect with Rover & Kin  http://roverandkin.com https://www.facebook.com/roverandkin https://instagram.com/roverandkin  Memorable Quotes: 12:53 “I was always very attracted to the idea of fair trade because it’s not a charity, it’s not a handout. It’s a sustainable business model that works for both sides.” 13:00 – “It was always really important to me that it wasn’t a handout. The artisans are proud of what they do, and they grow alongside us. It’s a mutually beneficial business partnership.” 15:06 – “You can see how through these resources and all these benefits of fair trade, that families are actually able to get out of the cycle of poverty and do incredible things with their lives.” | Successful entrepreneurs make running a business look smooth. It’s easy to see the success, but rare to see the behind the scenes of the hard work, failure, fatigue, baby steps it took to make it. Jennifer Allwood is a dynamic business coach and host of The Jennifer Allwood Show podcast. Jennifer helps creative women build their social media and turn their passions into lucrative online businesses. She fosters an online community of over half a million people and coaches over 2,000 women monthly on how to find their tribe and grow their business online. You’ll be encouraged by my chat with Jennifer as we discuss the time early on in business when you’re giving it all you’ve got for the sake of your dream.\xa0 5:08 - The Jennifer 101  Jennifer coaches creative entrepreneurs from makers to designers, bloggers, artists, bakers, and more how to grow and monetize their social media channels.\xa0 Twenty years ago, her life looked much different in a regimented business world of software development, but she would spend her free time working side jobs in interior design and painting. After she was laid off, she saw an opportunity to take her side business full time. Being laid off made Jennifer realize she didn’t want to go back to a cubicle. Jennifer literally started knocking on the doors of interior designers to expand her painting business and left the corporate world forever in the year 2000. When she was pregnant with her first son, she hired her first employee and landed a huge interior design job in a mansion. It wasn’t long before her business took off. It also wasn’t long before she realized she was hustling too hard for there not to be more money coming in.  14:16 - Clients Anywhere  Jennifer asked herself why she wasn’t making more when the stress was high and she was working hard. She gradually grew a Facebook following, and knew that following would be interested in how she did things. She had the idea to teach her interior design techniques through online videos. It wasn’t long before she sold $100,000 of videos sold in a year (before it was even a thing)! The “ah ha!” moment came when Jennifer realized she could extend her reach beyond her own town by teaching to anyone online, anywhere. She doubled down on social media and grew a following 350,000 people on Facebook, as well as large audiences on Pinterest and Instagram. She encountered a lot of business owners who had large followings online but were not yet making any money from it. She began teaching others how to build their social media and use it to make money for their business.\xa0  39:50 - Blessings In Disguise  Jennifer felt a calling to bless others through her experiences, but it happened over a long period of time. She takes each day one at time and trusts that there’s a reason God only gives her small glimpses of the future to protect her from overwhelm. If she’d not been laid off from her software job, Jennifer may have stayed in a cubicle and office environment for ever. Sometimes what seems like a roadblock ends up being the exact thing to get us where we’re supposed to be. Jennifer’s online business grew enough to allow her husband to quit his corporate job and work with her full time. Their “full time” schedule is four days a week from 9am-3pm. Now she has the time to focus on her family and is actually grateful for being laid off. Success in Jennifer’s business has also meant pursuing things that do not come naturally to her. She continues to equip other creative women with the skills to get out of their comfort zones. In the same way that successful people spoke truth into Jennifer’s life, her work is to do the same for others. She focuses on doing the next right thing for those she can influence, even if it means tackling public speaking or tackling her first book.  45:54 - Getting to Know Our Guest  Find out what things Jennifer does every day that she wishes were automated, her guilty pleasure, what books and podcasts she’s listening to, and of course, what it means to run a business with purpose.  Memorable Quote (45:12):\xa0 “It changed something in me, and I feel a deep responsibility that if I can do that for a few other people, it can change something in them and then it can change a part of their world.” Meet Jennifer Jennifer Allwood is a wife, mother, dynamic business coach, and host of The Jennifer Allwood Show podcast. She has been a business owner for over 18 years, getting her start with decorative and faux painting, and has turned that into a booming empire. Today she coaches creative entrepreneurs in turning their crafts and hobbies into profitable businesses. Jennifer’s casual, girl-next-door decorating style has brought her a social media following of over half a million people and a thriving online business academy for creative entrepreneurs. Through her social media following, Jennifer encourages home owners to decorate and paint their homes to be a space they love. Through her monthly coaching group, The Creators’ Inner Circle, Jennifer encourages and teaches business owners to grow their platforms and run a profitable business, and through her course , The Creators’ Roadmap, Jennifer takes her students on a deep dive into implementing multiple revenue streams and monetizing their platform. Jennifer is especially excited about her upcoming Equipped Conference, through which she will empower attendees to craft a God-focused business that’s also profitable. The Equipped Conference will feature a rockstar lineup of faith-filled speakers who will arm attendees spiritually, mentally, and emotionally to succeed in business. Connect with Jennifer  https://jenniferallwood.com/ https://facebook.com/themagicbrushinc https://www.instagram.com/jenniferallwood https://www.pinterest.com/jenallwood https://www.twitter.com/jenallwood  |   At a young age, brothers Bradford and Bryan Manning were diagnosed with an eye disease that causes blindness over time. They’ve used their circumstances to help work toward a cure for blindness through the sales of their ultra-soft designer clothing line. Their vigilance for details carries over into the quality of their products, and you’ll love hearing the coincidental story of how the idea for their brand came about. Join me as I learn more about the inspiring Bradford and Bryan Manning. 3:08 - The Brad and Bryan 101  Brad and Bryan were diagnosed with Stargardt’s\xa0disease when they were each seven years old. Stargardt’s is a genetic disease that typically destroys center vision.\xa0 The idea for the Two Blind Brothers business started to form after Brad and Bryan shopped in the same store now knowing until after they’d left that they’d purchased the same shirt based on how it felt to the touch. Touch is a sense that’s critical to those with vision impairments. Brad and Bryan started talking about focusing on the sense of touch to develop their\xa0 clothing brand. One hundred percent of the proceeds from Two Blind Brothers is donated to organizations that fight diseases like Stargardt’s and other forms of vision impairment.  7:55 - It’s A Community\xa0  The goal was never a successful business, but a pure passion to help the community and raise funds for research. The brand was driven by people who wanted to support the cause, rather than just shop for an item of clothing. After learning that man with a retinal eye disease who’d never met another person with an eye disease found an online community through Two Blind Brothers, a huge paradigm shift occurred in the business. It became about fostering hope for the community that the brothers deeply care about.  15:42 - Shop Blind Holiday  Brad and Bryan created a video on social media about how those who are vision-impaired rely on trust to get around in the world. During the holiday season, Two Blind Brothers then ran a campaign called “Shop Blind”, and pulled all the images from their website and products and added the question “Will You Shop Blind?” The Shop Blind experiment gave customers an option to pick from different price points, but they were not able to see what was being selected for them. Not only did the Shop Blind experiment raise money for retinal research, it also raised awareness to the experience of those who face obstacles due to vision impairment. Building trust builds your ability to connect and be social. When you can’t see, you automatically put yourself out there to become closer to others much faster.  38:41 - Getting To Know Our Guests  You’ll think Brad and Bryan are even more impressive as you hear what they’d pick as their pump-up songs, the things no one would ever guess about them, and more. Of course, stay tuned to hear what it means to Brad and Bryan to run a business with purpose.\xa0 \xa0  Memorable Moments  “We started with the full intention that this would empower folks who have a vision impairment or relate to facing challenges and making a social impact.” “Everyone in the world has their issue. It doesn’t make you better.” “There really is no growth without friction. You’re never going to really unlock your potential, creativity, assertiveness, resourcefulness unless you’re put in a position to challenge those things.”  Meet Your Guests, Co-Founders, Two Blind Brothers      Bradford and Bryan Manning are curing blindness!\xa0At a young age, both brothers were affected with Stargardt disease, a form of macular degeneration that destroys central vision over time.\xa0\xa0To fight back, they\xa0left\xa0their\xa0former\xa0careers in finance to start Two Blind Brothers.\xa0Within 1 year, they propelled the small charitable clothing company into one of the fastest growing brands in the country with endorsements from Ellen DeGeneres, Ashton Kutcher, Richard Branson, NBC Nightly News, and many others. Their luxury clothing project is focused on quality, comfort, and "sense of touch". The clothing is produced by a team of blind and visually-impaired workers in Dallas, Texas. Two Blind Brothers donates 100% of its profits to researchers and the Foundation Fighting Blindness to find cures for blindness. The funds from Two Blind Brothers are driving life-changing treatments that are already being used in patients such as “Voretigene Neparvovec”, a gene therapy developed by Spark Therapeutics.  The brothers are evangelists for charitable and social enterprises. They were recently nominated to the Facebook Small Business Council for their use of social media to empower others and consult on branding, story-telling, corporate responsibility, and sustainable fashion. The brothers have also participated in various public speaking engagements, most notably two TEDx talks since founding the company. Originally from Charlottesville, Virginia, both brothers graduated from the University of Virginia. Bradford received a degree in finance and Bryan a degree in statistics. Prior to launching Two Blind Brothers in 2016, Bradford worked in investment management and Bryan worked in data sales. They currently live together in New York City.    | Are you an entrepreneur? While the startup, paperwork, and hustle is never easy, often the hardest part is asking to be paid what we’re worth. My guest this week is Brandi Riley, and she’s tackling this issue head on. Brandi is a blogger at Mama Knows It All and founder of Courage To Earn, an online community for creative female entrepreneurs. Brandi is a thought-leader and powerhouse in the content-creation industry. She is using her knowledge, skills, and passion to inspire women to pursue their creative purpose and get paid for it. Join me as I talk with Brandi about going after your worth in both business and life. 3:31 -\xa0 Brandi 101  Brandi started blogging when her daughter was almost a year old. She had no idea she could earn an income doing it, she was just looking for a way to get her feelings out. Once she joined a few Yahoo blog pages, she realized she could earn an income from blogging. After working for a number of years in social media, marketing, and freelance, the one thing that stood out in all of her experience was that women were not talking about money. Brandi started Courage to Earn as a challenge to digital content creators to help them figure out ways to earn more money.\xa0 Shortly after her mother-in-law passed away, Brandi realized her mother-in-law could have left her stressful, low-paying job to pursue her talents as a seamstress if she’d had someone to help her begin.  8:15 - The “How To”  Courage To Earn is a place where women are empowered to learn. Brandi strives to help women with the emotions that are tied to asking to be paid what you’re worth. The Courage to Earn community holds women accountable to each other without the ugliness that can be associated with internet communities. Consistent transparency is a pillar of Courage To Earn. Not only does that mean that the community talks about opportunities, they share all the details that come with each opportunity.\xa0 \xa0 Brandi also has a team of women supporting her to help make sure that the Courage to Earn community prioritizes collaboration over competition and abundance over scarcity. Being aware of our mindset helps us determine what’s for us and how we can celebrate both our own victories as well as the success of others.  14:47 - Recognizing Your Worth Is A Process  While working a full-time job that was her passion, Brandi couldn’t afford to pay rent, bills, and childcare. While her boss gave her a raise after she asked for one, it was troubling that he didn’t understand why she needed it. Recognizing your worth is a process that doesn’t happen overnight. It became clear to Brandi through a series of events over time that she had to be the person looking out for financial health.\xa0 Even if we don’t get what we want, we can learn to ask for it regardless of what we think the result will be. It’s not always cut and dry, but we can also grow our negotiating skills over time. It’s more productive to understand why a certain issue makes us uncomfortable, rather than being upset by the person involved with the situation. You can still be upbeat and positive while asking for what you’re worth. Talk about what you think you want so that the you’ve presented an opening for your needs to be considered. Moving forward, Courage To Earn is focusing on global impact by creating opportunities for more women to find jobs, hiring more women for digital support positions, and holding more in-person meetups for women to cultivate their relationships. Ultimately, Courage to Earn will be a go-to resource for women to learn.  41:38 - Getting To Know Our Guest  Hear Brandi’s thoughts on recent trends, what song she’d choose as her theme song, her biggest pet peeve, and more. You’ll love hearing the details of what it means to Brandi to run a business with purpose.  Memorable Quotes:  (19:28) “I realized I can be happy in my work, and still get paid what I’m worth.” (19:53) “They weren’t looking to just throw money at me because I was such a great person. That’s when it became clear to me that I had to be the person to look out for myself financially.”  \xa0 | Sharon Hodde Miller is an author, speaker and church planter who is passionate about cultivating the gifts of women through ministry. In addition to leading Bright City Church in Durham, NC with her husband Ike, she has released two books: Why Life is Better When it’s Not about You (2017), and Nice: Why We Love to Be Liked and How God Calls Us to More (2019). Join me to hear Sharon’s wisdom about the power of our words, speaking with bold conviction, and how we can change our “nice” habits into substantive kindness. 4:30 - The Sharon 101  Sharon decided to pursue a doctoral degree in Educational Studies to find out what motivates women to go to seminary when so few women are in seminary. After working in ministry from some time, Sharon realized that women build platforms from their stories. Sharon felt that the best way to be a good steward of her platform was to pursue formal theology education and training. After finishing seminary at Duke Divinity School, where the gender breakdown was fairly even, she pursued a PhD from Trinity Evangelical Divinity school, where there were far fewer women. Sharon made it her mission to figure out what was working for women who were already studying to earn a Master of Divinity degree. Most of Sharon’s research came from STEM fields, and the common thread for both women in STEM and the ministry field was that someone identified their passions and encouraged them to think about pursing them.  12:51 - Your Words Have Power  It doesn’t matter if you yourself are in a place of visible leadership, we all have the life-changing ability to encourage others to step into their God-ordained gifts. We know words are powerful because we are made in the image of God, and God SPOKE creation into existence. God can use our journey, no matter how big or small. It’s freeing to know that we don’t have to handle everything on our own. God will never give us more than HE can handle.  17:31 - On Being A Nice Christian Girl  It can be rewarding to be the “nice Christian girl.” Sharon recognized quickly that she earned a lot of praise this way, but started questioning whether she was honoring Jesus, or seeking the good feelings for herself.\xa0 She noticed this question creeping back up again as she became involved in ministry. She sees it now when she feels the Holy Spirit prompting her to write about something difficult or controversial. People love hearing about spiritual discussions that help them through their private life, but many people don’t like controversial topics pertaining to what Jesus speaks about in the bible. Sharon’s most recent book NICE came to be when she started examining these questions centered around the nice Christian girl image that looks like the real thing but is motivated by something else. Jesus talks about knowing a tree by its fruit. It’s important to know the bad fruits of niceness. We also have to be careful not to reward people for the same bad fruits.\xa0  24:00 - How God Calls Us To More  If we excuse bad behavior in leaders because they are nice to us, we’re not loving the people under their leadership well. There can be pushback when you speak about God’s heart, but that’s what we should be talking about. It’s a natural overflow of loving Jesus and wanting to serve him. We have to be careful in these moments not to be angry or self-righteous. God calls those to correct the people who listen to us without becoming sanctimonious. It’s important to understand the difference between being nice and being kind. Kindness has conviction, niceness does not. Niceness will appease or shatter and is replaced by cynicism.  47:19 - Getting To Know Our Guest  Find out something about Sharon that you’d never guess about her, her guilty (or not-so-guilty) pleasure, and what books she’s reading right now. Be sure to stay tuned to hear Sharon’s wise words about what it means to her to run a business with purpose. Website: https://sheworships.com/ Book: Nice: Why We Love To Be Liked And How God Calls Us To More Free of Me  | Kisha Mays is a Successful Serial Entrepreneur, Visionary Global Business Development Strategist, Best Selling Author, Angel Investor, and Philanthropist. Her primary focus is on helping to develop\xa01,000,000 Fearless Female Entrepreneurs generating a minimum of $1,000,000+ in annual revenue. Turning them into unicorn global businesses through the\xa0Just Fearless Angel Fund\xa0which is a fund exclusively for female founded companies. She pays it forward by supporting non-profits worldwide that specifically support & empower women and girls. Kisha and her team are developing strategic partnerships for 2019 and beyond to take this international business and brand to an explosive level bringing Just Fearless from behind the scenes to the forefront.\xa0In 2019 they are launching\xa0HERstory Connections\xa0for Women in Business, Women in Creatives, and Women in Literary to help them increase their revenue and help us reach our 1,000,000 goal mentioned above.\xa0She and her team are excited for the abundance of opportunities, expansion, and partnerships to be announced very soon. She has been featured in the\xa0Business Insider, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Fast Company, and Forbesto name a few. The Just Fearless team has worked with Pepsi, GE, and Home Depot to name a few. \xa0 Kisha released her Best Selling book\xa0“From Failure to Fearless: Still Completely Flawed BUT Thriving Fearlessly”\xa0to rave reviews. Most successful people only talk about the good parts of their journey. In her book, “From Failure to Fearless,” Kisha details her many, some very public, failures and how she overcame them in a transparent and vulnerable way. Based on the many positive reviews readers can relate to this from both a personal & business perspective. \xa0 Her major influences are Madam C. J. Walker, Oprah Winfrey, Sara Blakely, Malala Yousafzai, Nelson Mandela, and Richard Branson, for their fearlessness, exceptional courage, drive and ambition, willingness to go after what they desire & believe in all while setting the standard and breaking through any and all ceilings. Even with all the success she has achieved, Kisha still feels like she is only getting started. Based on her early success at a young age and her drive and ambition, her future and continued success is undoubtedly going to leave a major mark in history. \xa0 She is Just Fearless and Building Her Global Just Fearless Empire! | Laughter is the best medicine, and Kevin Fredericks (KevOnStage) is here to talk about how humor can heal and bring us together. Kevin does it all. He has nearly 5 million followers and 140 million views on YouTube. He’s a fast-rising entertainer who’s already sold out a 50 city self-produced tour, written and produced several TV shows and movies, and grown All Def Digital from 300,000 fans to nearly 10 million fans. Join me in laughter for this fun show with KevOnStage. 3:45 - The Kev 101  Kev’s first comedy show was a church talent show while in high school, and during college, he and his brother transitioned to creating plays. After some local success, Tyler Perry’s booking agent came to see one of the plays. They thought it was their big break, until they realized it would still cost $300,000 for them to produce their own play. Kev’s kids were young at that time, so the family decided to quit doing plays and focus on raising their children. With the rising success of YouTube stars, Kev suggested they put some funny sketches online to try and grow their notoriety and then travel to promote their plays.\xa0 \xa0 After their videos gained immediate viral success, Kev and his team transitioned primarily to feature video content for social media. Kev quickly started his own channel, quit his job and added a stand-up routine to his repertoire. Making funny videos on the internet has played a huge role in Kevin’s career success. Kev and his family moved to Los Angeles where he worked in the TV industry, and has since gained vast experience with editing, directing, and digital media. The majority of his work now consists of producing content for YouTube, podcasts, and his stand-up routine.  13:45 – Relatable Unites\xa0 \xa0  We are drawn together by our shared human experiences, and that is even more powerful when mixed with humor. While Kev is a comedian who is a Christian, he is not a Christian comedian. He makes jokes about himself, his family, his experiences, music, married life, the audience, Bobby Caldwell, etc. to reach more people and more audiences who are not all Christians. Kev wants to use his platform to show that you can have a good life with God. Often his fans find a good message in his jokes and relate that feeling to getting back to church. When Kev feels like his comedy isn’t going over well with the audience, instead of introducing shock value to his material, he’ll go back to jokes he knows go over well. In the early days, he’d just leave early. “It’s totally ok to get off the stage if you are not doing your job, which is to make people laugh.”  26:18 - Sharing is Caring  The world wide web has allowed Kev success by building a dedicated audience online. It’s much easier to do 30 minutes of standup when the audience already knows you and likes you. Kev was already well-versed in stand up before his online career took off, so audiences were able to witness a well-oiled comedy machine once Kev started going viral.\xa0 With all the negativity you can find in social media or the daily news, Kev has used his social media presence as a platform for influencing people in a positive way.\xa0 Kev’s ultimate goal is to produce long-form content independently for himself as well as for other creators.  31:59 - Comedy Tour and What’s Next  Kev is traveling with his Real Comedians of Social Media Tour with Tony Baker, TM, and Doughboy. On the major cities tour stops, Kev and his wife also record their podcast with the live audiences before the comedy lineup begins. As the lines between TV and social media are blurred, Kev is seeing continued success in opportunities outside of the traditional Hollywood route. Kev has a new show on Facebook Watch called Kev on Everything where he learns new skills, completely unscripted. He also plans on adding other forms of entertainment (like music!) into his stand-up shows. One of the greatest things about being creative and sharing creativity in the age of social media is that that the opportunities to spread your ideas have no physical boundaries.\xa0  38:11 - Getting to Know Our Guest  Listen to hear who Kev names as his favorite comedians and biggest influences, what song he has to sing along with anytime it comes on, and a recent joke that was a complete flop. Most importantly, you’ll hear what it means to Kev to run a business with purpose.  | Have you ever had an idea so big that it feels impossible, too scary, too out of reach? If you have a calling that overwhelms you, join us to hear how Jeremy Cowart’s career has tackled all those questions and more. Jeremy has accomplished many wonderful callings including work as a humanitarian photographer, artist, author, and founder of The Purpose Hotel! We’ll discover the impact of Jeremy’s work and the mighty power behind the simple act of asking. 3:05 - The Jeremy 101  Jeremy Cowart is a man of many ideas and many callings. He’s an artist, photographer, humanitarian, fine art creator, public speaker, painter, and founder of Help Portrait and The Purpose Hotel. Knowing how much Jeremy has accomplished would make you think it’s always been that way, but school did not come easily to Jeremy. He struggled thinking he’d never amount to much and thought his grades reflected his value as a human being. In junior high, Jeremy fell in love with the arts and his parents encouraged him to pursue graphic design as a more stable career path. In college, Jeremy jumped head first into graphic design and even worked for an ad agency after college. In 2001, Jeremy left the advertising world to pursue his own design agency and has worked for himself ever since.  7:47 - Follow Your Purpose  While working on a photography job, Jeremy found himself walking through The Standard (hotel) in LA. As he walked by the rooms, the thought randomly popped into his head that each room could tell a story. Every aspect of a hotel stay reminded Jeremy of a cause that helps people. Each room could sponsor a specific child, keys could be linked to The Giving Keys, the art could come from humanitarian artists, the soap could come from Thistle Farms, and so on. Like many of us with big dreams or entrepreneurship visions, Jeremy spent a lot of time in fear of the grand scale of his idea. On a flight over NYC, the visual of thousands of skyscrapers lead Jeremy to ask “Why can’t that be me?” It’s a great lesson for all of us: If God calls us to something specific, all we are required is to trust that next small step put before us.  12:44 - For People, By People  Since The Purpose Hotel idea revolves around helping other people, crowd funding seemed fitting to help get the idea off the ground.\xa0 \xa0 While over 4,700 people contributed to the first Kickstarter campaign for the hotel, the original campaign fell well short of the $2 million goal. What looked like an initial setback proved once again a lesson in trusting things to line up in just the right way. With a second Kickstarter set at $350,000, the next campaign raised around $750,000. When we hit a roadblock on the path to a big dream, instead of letting what looks like failure hinder us, we can recognize it as a setup rather than a setback.  17:03 – The Orchestrated Details  Speaking of setbacks, another one popped up when the first plans for the hotel’s location fell through. The next day at the annual Help Portrait event, Santa Claus (no joke!) surprised Jeremy with a Christmas miracle and offered him land to build The Purpose Hotel right next to the brand new Nashville Convention Center.\xa0 A chance meeting with Horst Schultze of THE Ritz Carlton did not initially go well, but at the last minute, Jeremy asked if he could show Schultze the full presentation. A 10-minute meeting turned into three hours of conversation and a big offer from Schultze. When things feel like they just won’t work out, God is orchestrating something bigger and better that we don’t always know about right away.\xa0 The Purpose Hotel plans to break ground next year and open in 2022. The long-term hope is to continue building hotels all over the world as a beacon of light helping humanity.  30:25 - I’m Possible.  Jeremy’s new book is called “I’m Possible.” It’s Jeremy’s story of turning “I can’t do this” to the reminder of “I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.” Hear Jeremy tell us about how that change allowed him to bear witness to more orchestrated moments, including stories of healing from Rwanda in his\xa0 “Voices of Reconciliation.”  42:38 - Getting To Know Our Guest Jeremy has been all over the world, so I’m sure you’re curious to know where he’d go if he had to move somewhere outside of the US! You’ll also learn who he’d pick to narrate a movie about his life, what book has influenced him the most, and which 1900s era he’d travel back in time to visit and why! Most importantly, Jeremy shares with us what it means to run a business with purpose (you don’t want to miss hearing what it means for him to be creative)!\xa0 JEREMY COWART BIO:     Named the “Most Influential Photographer on the Internet”\xa0by Huffington Post,\xa0Forbes and Yahoo in 2014,\xa0Jeremy Cowart is an award-winning photographer,\xa0artist,\xa0and entrepreneur whose mission in life is to "explore the intersection of creativity and empathy."\xa0Jeremy has published four books and is a sought-after speaker,\xa0having presented at TEDx,\xa0the United Nations and creative conferences across the country. His latest endeavor is The Purpose Hotel,\xa0a planned global for-profit hotel chain designed to fuel the work of not-for-profit organizations.\xa0He’s the founder of a global photography movement,\xa0Help-Portrait,\xa0a mobile social networking app called OKDOTHIS,\xa0and an online teaching platform,\xa0See University.\xa0He lives in Nashville,\xa0TN, with his wife and four children,\xa0two of whom they recently adopted from Haiti.    ', 'chan_desc': 'Business with Purpose takes you “behind the scenes” with some of the world’s most generous entrepreneurs with host Molly Stillman of "still being molly blog - stillbeingmolly.com." From the CEOs of mission-driven brands, to directors of small, community non-profits, and everything in between, Molly is sitting down with men and women who believe in changing the world through not only their personal lives, but also their professional careers. We believe that every person was created with a purpose, for a purpose and this podcast gives inspiration for how we can all make an impact by supporting businesses with purpose.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/df/14/b4/df14b44e-8e43-4a3c-b80d-722f2a814ae7/mza_7189323063755900405.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-09-28'}}

{'The Vince Del Monte Podcast Show': {'title': 'The Vince Del Monte Podcast Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Vince-Del-Monte-Podcast-Show-id2366645', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Vince Del Monte', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 240, 'play_count': 5581, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.vincedelmontefitness.com/blog'], 'ep_total': 126, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '01:17:19', 0], ['2019-09-30', '01:32:48', 0], ['2019-09-27', '01:21:42', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:19:29', 0], ['2019-09-19', '01:17:26', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:58:53', 0], ['2019-09-13', '01:40:48', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:31:34', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:38:44', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:20:10', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Slide Into The DM On Instagram To TalkWant Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door?Head over to iTunes, leave a review, and slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home address.Want All Day Energy? Find It HereVince Del Monte’s 7-Figure MastermindGive Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From ScratchIn This Episode:Why Travis ditched his dream of working in the church, and how it cost him a network he’d built over a lifetimeIn a dry spell with sales? Faced a devastating rejection? Travis explains how he stays motivated by remembering the law of averagesWhy sales is one of the top skills you need to develop if you want to build up emotional intelligence and learn how to persuade your networkThe two foundational components you need to kill it at sales and persuasion (hint: being pushy is not one of them)Relationships before skill sets: Why you need to stop waiting until you’re “ready” to approach one of your herosHow Travis was able to land an interview with Grant CardoneThe three directions it takes to build a well-rounded networkDon’t neglect the inner circle: How to build relationships with people around your heros so you can make it to the insideMaster networking tip: The one question you need to ask to get attention, and the right way to follow upWhy you need to start a podcast, and how it can act as a vehicle for building your networkResources:Entrepreneur on Fire with John Lee DumasTravis’s FREE Meet Your Hero CourseConnect with Travis:Instagram\xa0FacebookTwitterBuild Your Network PodcastTravisChappell.comConnect with Vince:Facebook\xa0Instagram\xa0YouTubeEmailVinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com | Slide Into The DM On Instagram To TalkWant Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door?Head over to iTunes, leave a review, and slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home address.Want All Day Energy? Find It HereVince Del Monte’s 7-Figure MastermindGive Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From Scratch\xa0In This Episode:The childhood experiences that helped create Yahya’s mission to change the direction of his family treeHow the unconditional love of his highschool sweetheart sent Yahya on a spiritual journey that landed him on the path of personal developmentHow he went from $47 in his bank account to 40 paid speaking gigs in a yearTrust the process: The emotional ending to Yahya’s long search for his birth mother (warning: you’re going to get chills)How Yahya turned two devastating situations into life-changing moments of liberationThe difference between creating a family and creating a home, and what it means to establish an environment for relationships to thriveIs work/life balance a myth? How you can follow the “three days” method to create boundaries that foster balanceYou can always make a dollar, but you can’t make a minute: Why you need to invest in relationship capital\xa0Resources:Tony RobbinsSteven FurtickYahYa’s World Class Speaker Blueprint\xa0Connect with Yahya:Instagram\xa0FacebookTwitterYouTubeYahyaBakkar.comConnect with Vince:Facebook\xa0Instagram\xa0YouTubeEmailVinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com | Slide Into The DM On Instagram To TalkWant Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door?Head over to iTunes, leave a review, and slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home address.Want All Day Energy? Find It HereVince Del Monte’s 7-Figure MastermindGive Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From Scratch\xa0In This Episode:From a page to a king: Michael’s story of stepping into his zone of genius after serious financial falloutThe number one reason entrepreneurs are starving -- and how you can avoid itAre you enslaved to your business? Hear Michael’s advice for designing a business that lets you be a human being, not a human doingHow to set up guardrails for failure by optimizing your energy and shifting to the architect role in your company\xa0Nonnegotiables you must add to your routine if you want to reach your peak performance in life and businessLive events change lives: The troubling virtual trend in the mastermind community and why you need to avoid itDo you want to create a transformational mastermind experience? Michael shares his advice for structuring your events for maximum impactBig surprises you need to look out for before starting a mastermindHow to pre-frame your mastermind for high levels of engagement, increased retention, and more uplifting communities\xa0Bonus rapid fire questions: Character traits of high-performing entrepreneurs, why you need to step out of your comfort zone, and how to overcome price objectionsResources:Tony RobbinsKeys to the Kingdom by Alison A. ArmstrongProfit First by Mike MichalowiczThe Illusions of Entrepreneurship by Scott A. ShaneClockwork: Design Your Business to Run Itself by Mike MichalowiczConnect with Michael:Instagram\xa0TwitterRisingStarsMastermind.comMikeZeller.comConnect with Vince:Facebook\xa0Instagram\xa0YouTubeEmailVinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com | Slide Into The DM On Instagram To TalkWant Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door?Head over to iTunes, leave a review, and slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home address.Want All Day Energy? Find It HereVince Del Monte’s 7-Figure MastermindGive Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From Scratch\xa0In This Episode:The exact limiting beliefs that are holding you back from charging what you’re worthWhy all value is perceived value and why the limitations are all in your headPeople run from pain faster than they run toward pleasure: Why you have to find the problems in your market and identify yourself as a solutionThe consequences of not taking action and refusing to invest in yourselfThree things your coaching application MUST do for it to be effectiveThe one thing you need to do before posting any content if you want to increase your organic contentHow to building long-term strategies instead of relying on short-term tacticsWhat you need to add to your call process to skyrocket your show-up rate (Tony is 95% with this tip!)Resources:Pre-Suasion by Robert CialdiniJoin the I Believe Mentorship Facebook groupConnect with Tony:Instagram\xa0FacebookTwitterTonyStephanDietitian.comConnect with Vince:Facebook\xa0Instagram\xa0YouTubeEmailVinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com | Slide Into The DM On Instagram To TalkWant Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door?Head over to iTunes, leave a review, and slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home address.Want All Day Energy? Find It HereVince Del Monte’s 7-Figure MastermindGive Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From Scratch\xa0In This Episode:The skillset, the will set, and the mindset: Allyson’s incredible story of finding her superpower after dropping out of school at 15How to take accountability and develop your gifts by inviting discomfort into your lifeThe prelude to transformation is transaction: Allyson’s game-changing Altar Call sales technique that makes the moment real for your audienceAre you a CEO or a COE? Why you have to stop being the Chief of EverythingHow to keep your authentic self in your business, plus hear Allyson walk Vince through options for finding the next big business move that’s right for himThe Do, Learn, Share methodology, how Allyson builds the best membership sites in the world, and why she only takes referralsWhere is it time for you to graduate? How to find your revenue blind spots and get to the next level of life and businessThe ‘7 Ms’ methodology: How to make yourself ultra-effective in the market placeWhy you need to graduate from faith to trust: Hear Allyson’s message to menResources:One Thing by Gary KellerBreaking the Habit of Being Yourself by Dr. Joe DispenzaConnect with Allyson:Instagram\xa0FacebookTwitterAllysonByrd.comConnect with Vince:Facebook\xa0Instagram\xa0YouTubeEmailVinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com | Slide Into The DM On Instagram To TalkWant Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door?1. Head over to iTunes2. Leave a review and take a screenshot3. Slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home addressWant All Day Energy? Find It HereVince Del Monte’s 7-Figure MastermindGive Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From Scratch\xa0In This Episode:What defines your life are the big emotional moments, but find out why that’s true and how you can use your emotional influences to impact othersGetting your client from ‘unconvinced’ to ‘on board’: How to deflate client objections and magnify the value of your servicesThe one thing you MUST avoid in all sales calls: Why your clients are backing out before the sale has even startedHow to use the tandem of logic and emotion to get people to buy into your sale and connect with your valueUse these 9 questions to increase your sales by delivering solutions instead of products2 ways to frame your client’s situation as an opportunity for growth and your services as the means of growth and how to avoid manipulation in your saleSales and business is 80% mindset, so hear how to make your client question their stability without you instead of questioning your ability to provide value to themThe acronym that will completely change the way you approach a sales callResources:Quantum Leap TV ShowKevin NationsTony RobbinsConnect with Eli:FacebookTwitterWilde InfluenceThe Art of Enrollment: Discover The Process Responsible For Producing 9-Figures In Coaching Sales by Eli WildeConnect with Vince:FacebookInstagramYouTubeEmailVinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com | \xa0Slide Into The DM On Instagram To TalkWant Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door?Step 1.Head over to iTunesStep 2. leave a review and take a screenshotStep 3. Slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home address.Want All Day Energy? Find It HereVince Del Monte’s 7-Figure MastermindGive Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From ScratchIn This Episode:How Richard went from a jewelry-selling side hustle at during pre-med at UCLA to interviewing the CEO of GymSharkThe two biggest takeaways from Richard’s meeting with Ben Francis, and how God answered the prayer Richard had been making all summer longHow Richard’s next venture, an ATM business, literally went up in flames and led him down the path of finding a mentorWhat Richard did to land a call with Joel Marion, how Joel connected Richard with Vince, and Richard’s game changing advice for networking on InstagramHow to decide on the best mentor for you, plus why finding someone with similar values is vitalHear the exact emails Richard sent to Vince that landed him an internship and why it’s so important to stay on the top of someone’s mindHow Richard has been bringing massive value to Vince and his team, and what he’s seen in return this summerYou have to get vulnerable: Hear what happened during a recent raw conversation when Richard brought up some concerns about leaving schoolWhat Richard is doing now to connect entrepreneurs with interns so that they can form mutually beneficial relationshipsResources:GymsharkHow to Win Friends & Influence People by Dale CarnegieBorn to Impact PodcastConnect with Richard:Instagram\xa0YouTubeLinkedInConnect with Vince:Facebook\xa0Instagram\xa0YouTubeEmailVinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com | Slide Into The DM On Instagram To Talk[https://www.instagram.com/vincedelmonte/]Want Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door...for FREE? [READ BELOW]Step One: Head over to iTunesStep Two: leave a review for the podcast and take a screenshot BEFORE posting itStep Three: Slide the screenshot into my DMs on instagram (@vincedelmonte) with your home address.Want All Day Energy? Find It Herehttps://fullyloadedsupplements.com/Give Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From Scratchhttps://vincedelmonte7figuremastermind.com/sit-in/In This Episode:Why you need to lean into rejection, and how to start desensitizing yourself from theemotional response\xa0Don’t rob yourself of massive learning opportunities by outsourcing these things that youshould be doing yourselfThe three biggest reasons you won’t be successful: If you tap into these things toescape, you’re letting them enslave youThe real definition of success (hint: it has nothing to do with money)Why you have to operate from a place of gratitude and stop wrecking your life with “butme” syndromeHow to get through the pain that comes with opportunityYou’re not going to build an indestructible brand with tactics; here’s what to focus on insteadConnect with Vince:● Facebook● Instagram● YouTube● Email● VinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com | Is your Instagram account working for you or against you? If you’re relying on pods, software, and other shortcuts promising massive growth, you’re making a huge mistake. There are only five things you need to know right now to grow your account organically, attract quality leads, and truly tap into Instagram’s business potential. Vince is sharing all five with you today. First, he digs into the things that will NOT work, including the $2k embarrassing mistake he made and wants you to learn from. Then you’ll hear the exact strategies and formulas that have been proven to directly correlate with Vince’s account growth. He shares how you can elevate your status, the exact steps for writing a killer caption, how to hack your Instagram bio, and more. It’s time to make your Instagram account work smarter. Tune in to hear how you can do it.  “Play the long game and avoid shortcuts.” - Vince Del Monte \xa0 Slide Into The DM On Instagram To Talk \xa0  Want Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door? Head over to iTunes, leave a review, and slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home address. \xa0 Want All Day Energy? Find It Here \xa0 Vince Del Monte’s 7-Figure Mastermind Give Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From Scratch \xa0 In This Episode:  Learn from Vince’s embarrassing $2,000 mistake and be on the lookout for these kinds of offers Avoid these other growth shortcuts if you want to build a sustainable platform with real reach How paid advertising on Instagram can skyrocket your visibility and help generate quality leads Why you need to be affiliating yourself with next-level entrepreneurs in your field to grow your audience, and how to do it Craig Ballantyne’s VPS formula you need to utilize on your Instagram profile ASAP Steal the proven SSS formula for all of your captions to increase engagement, plus an example straight from Vince’s profile The ultimate Bio Hack: Follow these steps to upgrade your Instagram bio  \xa0 Resources:  Craig Ballantyne’s Instagram Vince on the Dan Lok Show Vince on the Empire Podcast  \xa0 Connect with Vince:  Facebook\xa0 Instagram\xa0 YouTube Email VinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com  \xa0 | It’s time to take your control back from Instagram. Instead of seizing the opportunity to leverage it as a business media platform, you’re focusing on instant gratification, surrounding yourself with people you don’t genuinely care about, and letting an app influence your emotions. You can’t perform at the next level until you cut out the noise, and Vince is going to tell you how to do that. Today he’s challenging you to unfollow 90% of the accounts on your Instagram. You’ll hear exactly why this needs to be a priority, how to get over the fear of hurting anyone’s feelings by unfollowing them, and the massive returns you’ll see once you clean up your account. This is an easy way to reclaim your time, control, and consumption. Will you accept it? \xa0 “You’re watching everyone’s highlight reels and comparing them to your behind-the-scenes.” - Vince Del Monte \xa0 Slide Into The DM On Instagram To Talk \xa0  Want Some M5 Apparel Sent to Your Door? Head over to iTunes, leave a review, and slide the screenshot into my DMs with your home address. \xa0 Want All Day Energy? Find It Here \xa0 Vince Del Monte’s 7-Figure Mastermind Give Me 2 Days And I’ll Show You How To Build A 5-, 6-, and Even 7-Figure Online Fitness Business – Even If You’re Starting From Scratch \xa0 In This Episode:  How social media has been engineered to hold you hostage and drain your time and energy Why you need to take action and get your Instagram account under control ASAP: Hear the problems it’s causing that you might not even notice\xa0 Vince’s challenge for you to unfollow 90% of the accounts on your Instagram The benefits Vince has seen since taking the challenge himself, plus a cool Instagram feature you probably haven’t heard of How to turn the question back on anyone who confronts you about unfollowing them Not ready to take Vince’s challenge? Meet him halfway by trying this tip\xa0  Connect with Vince:  Facebook\xa0 Instagram\xa0 YouTube Email VinceDelMonte7FigureMastermind.com ', 'chan_desc': "Vince Del Monte is an entrepreneur, author, pro fitness model and has helped tens of thousands of men transform their bodies and lives through muscle, health and fitness. The goal of the Vince Del Monte Show is to share raw and real experiences, lessons and timeless principles every man needs to master the 5 M's of becoming a better man. By hearing conversations with legends such as Bedros Keuilian, Ryan Lee, Craig Ballantyne, Dan Lok, and Lewis Howes you'll build muscle faster, achieve a winners mindset, make more money, dominate your mission and go the distance with your marriage. Connect and follow Vinces daily content Instagram @vincedelmonte", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/0d/10/45/0d104546-2d66-edd7-94ec-8c1972eb8261/mza_2163867342057697237.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-10-20'}}

{'Mujeres Poderosas Podcast': {'title': 'Mujeres Poderosas Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Mujeres-Poderosas-Podcast-id2066661', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Joyful Mango', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 12, 'play_count': 49, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://mujerespoderosaspodcast.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 43, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-28', '00:23:06', 0], ['2019-09-21', '00:26:37', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:09:22', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:20:19', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:43:58', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:22:17', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:17:10', 0], ['2019-07-11', '00:39:20', 0], ['2019-07-03', '00:29:07', 0], ['2019-06-26', '00:31:19', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play En este episodio hablé con Rebecca Martinez quien es la creadora de Petit Delite. Con Rebecca estuve hablando sobre como ofrecer contenido gratuito de valor te puede ayudar a conseguir clientes en un futuro. Sigue a Rebecca en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@petitdelite Facebook:\xa0Petit Delite Website:\xa0petitdelite.com Podcast:\xa0Entre harina, azúcar y amigas No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play En este episodio hablé con Yiselle Dipiní co-fundadora de Stage Boom y hablamos sobre cómo la vida te lleva por diferentes procesos y caminos para llegar a alcanzar las metas que quieres.\xa0 Sigue a Yiselle en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@dipiniandreu Instagram:\xa0@StageBoom Facebook:\xa0StageBoom Website:\xa0stageboom.com YouTube:\xa0StageBoom No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play En el mes de septiembre se cumple un año de la creación que Mujeres Poderosas Podcast. Con este episodios comienza una nueva serie en la que estaré hablando con ustedes sobre algún tema en el que les pueda ayudar para su proyecto o negocio. No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play En este episodio hablé con la Lcda. Lydiarí Rivera Colón sobre diferentes aspectos legales que te pueden afectar al momento de tener un negocio. Conoce sobre la historia de Lydiarí y su nuevo proyecto, el podcast Café Legal.\xa0 Sigue a Lydiarí en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@lcda.lydiaririveracolon Facebook:\xa0Lcda. Lydiarí Rivera Colón Website:\xa0lcdalydiaririveracolon.com Podcast:\xa0Café Legal No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play En este episodio hablé con Vanessa Marzán quien es relacionista profesional y una de las fundadoras de Mujer Emprende Latina. Conoce sobre lo que es Mujer Emprende Latina, la comunicación no verbal y otros temas interesantes que estuvimos hablando en la entrevista. Sigue a Vanessa en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@vmarzan Facebook:\xa0Comunica para el ÉXITO con Vanessa Marzán Website:\xa0www.comm4success.com Sigue a Mujer Emprende Latina en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@mujeremprendelatina Facebook:\xa0Mujer Emprende Latina Website:\xa0www.mujeremprendelatina.com No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play En este episodio hablé con Keyla Berríos quien es la co-fundadora de K&D Eco Market y recientemente se convirtió en coach de vida. Conoce sobre cómo Keyla logró dedicarse a tiempo completo a su negocio y cómo un coach te puede ayudar a ti. Sigue a K&D Eco Market en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@kdecomarket Facebook:\xa0Jabones Artesanales K&D Website:\xa0kdecomarket.com Talleres Online:\xa0k-d-academy.teachable.com Sigue a Keyla en su página de Life Coach: Instagram:\xa0@keylaberrioslifecoach Facebook:\xa0Keyla Berrios Life Coach No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play En este episodio hablé con Mariangie Rosas quien es la fundadora de co.co.haus, un espacio de co-working en Santurce. Conoce sobre la historia de Mariangie y los beneficios que tienen los espacios de co-working. Para asistir al International Coworking Day el 9 de agosto, separa tu espacio aquí:\xa0http://bit.ly/2yKS7pT Sigue a co.co.haus en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@cocohauspr Facebook:\xa0co.co.haus Website:\xa0www.cocohauspr.com No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play Para este episodio estuve hablando con Nayda Fernández quien es la\xa0co-fundadora de Puerto Rico Loves Yoga & Wellness. Estuvimos hablando sobre cómo el yoga ha ayudado a Nayda con el estrés y cómo te puede ayudar a ti. Sigue a Puerto Rico Loves Yoga & Wellness en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@prlovesyoga Facebook:\xa0Puerto Rico Loves Yoga & Wellness Website:\xa0prlovesyoga.com No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play Para este episodio estuve hablando con Raixa Sánchez quien es la\xa0dueña de El Shop y una de las creadoras de Capital Mujer y Nuestra Mesa. Estuvimos hablando sobre sus comienzos con su tienda y cómo este proyecto la llevó a unirse a Naíma y Mari para crear Capital Mujer y Nuestra Mesa. Sigue a Nuestra Mesa y Capital Mujer en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@nuestramesapr Instagram:\xa0@capital.mujer Facebook:\xa0Nuestra Mesa PR Facebook:\xa0Capital Mujer Sigue a El Shop en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@elshoppr Facebook:\xa0El Shop Website:\xa0elshoppr.com No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú. | Escucha este y otros episodios de Mujeres Poderosas Podcast en tu plataforma de podcasts favorita\xa0Spotify,\xa0iTunes,\xa0Stitcher\xa0y\xa0Google Play Para este episodio estuve hablando con Ana María Cintrón quien es la\xa0Directora y Fundadora de Causa Local. Estuvimos hablando sobre las alternativas de financiamiento\xa0para los pequeños y medianos negocios en Puerto Rico. Sigue a Causa Local en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@causalocalpr Facebook:\xa0Causa Local Website:\xa0www.causalocal.org Sigue a Kiva Puerto Rico en las siguientes plataformas: Instagram:\xa0@kivapr_18 Facebook:\xa0Kiva Puerto Rico Website:\xa0www.kiva.org Email:\xa0puertorico@local.kiva.org No olvides seguir a Joyful Mango: Website:\xa0www.joyfulmango.com Facebook:\xa0Joyful Mango Instagram:\xa0@joyful.mango Recuerda dejar un review de 5 estrellas en la plataforma donde escuches el podcast. Esto ayudará a que el podcast llegue a otras Mujeres Poderosas como tú.', 'chan_desc': 'Mujeres Poderosas Podcast fue creado para dar a conocer Mujeres Poderosas, sus historias y cómo su trayectoria y conocimiento puede ayudar a otras mujeres en su proceso de emprender.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/d9/4e/a2/d94ea2de-4279-5eaa-6128-72fe2553ff3a/mza_6223482079220501453.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-09-18'}}

{'Your First Year In Network Marketing Podcast Course': {'title': 'Your First Year In Network Marketing Podcast Course', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Your-First-Year-In-Network-Marketing-Podcast-Course-id1339714', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Dale Calvert Network Marketing Support Services Inc.', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 243, 'play_count': 812, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://firstyearinnetworkmarketing.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 12, 'recent_eps': [['2015-11-04', '00:48:55', 1], ['2015-11-04', '00:35:16', 1], ['2015-11-04', '00:39:35', 0], ['2015-11-04', '00:28:50', 0], ['2015-11-04', '00:18:37', 0], ['2015-11-04', '00:45:13', 0], ['2015-11-04', '00:45:33', 0], ['2015-11-04', '00:53:17', 1], ['2015-11-04', '00:45:34', 0], ['2015-11-04', '01:12:07', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Is this the beginning or the end? | When Dale was building teams and for members of Dale’s MLM Training Club, this is first step required BEFORE he would go to work with new team members.  If you are serious about building a long-term network marketing team, this should always be the first step you take with each person who enters your team. | Dale believes that this one training concept has helped more network marketers around the world master recruiting than any recruiting principle or method he has ever shared. | In this session Dale will not only share with you what thought leaders of the past of felt was best kept secret of the rich, but what he feels will be the best kept secret of wealthy network marketers over the next 10-15 years in history.  You will also be given access to one of Dale’s closed door webinars on the subject. | In this session Dale will share with you some of the personal experiences he has had with friends and family members along his journey that he hope you will be able to relate with and use as fuel  to keep your entrepreneurial fire alive. | Every success training guru is history will tell you that fear of failure and fear of rejection are the two emotions that hold most people back from reaching their dreams. | After you have established the One Mentor or upline leader you are going to learn from, the next step is to learn how to learn.  This session will give you valuable insights for the rest of your business career no matter what vehicle you use to reach your dreams. | In this episode Dale shares with you the 4 foundational beliefs that must be developed within yourself and your team members if you expect to build a large duplicating organization. | In this lesson Dale will share with you why many $100,000 a year network marketing  “leaders” are no longer in the business today & how you can build a long-term, life-time  business. | Dale will share with you how to find the right mentor.  “True leaders don’t develop followers, real leaders develop other leaders”  - Brian Tracey.   How to find the right mentor, even if they may not be in your upline.   Understanding  “The Leadership Development Paradigm Shift”', 'chan_desc': 'Your First Year In Network Marketing Podcast Course.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/41/29/4d/41294d4d-45c5-5712-fd0b-b2432263b953/mza_2992854772916146129.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-11-04'}}

{'Control Freak': {'title': 'Control Freak', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Control-Freak-id2340556', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Kelsey Smith', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 11, 'play_count': 67, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://kelseysmithfitness.com'], 'ep_total': 8, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:25:57', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:38:13', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:16:52', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:30:44', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:15:34', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:27:28', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:11:56', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:33:37', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'CHANGE is a control freak’s nightmare. Believe me, I get it. There is no worse feeling than watching everything around you start to change and you feel like you’re spiraling out of control. You so badly want to press pause on life, figure it the hell out, put things in order or back where they used to be. But the truth is, it’s impossible. You can rarely prevent change from happening, and the one thing we fail to remember (because we are so busy panicking) is that life is happening FOR us, not to us.\xa0It can feel paralyzing. I have friends facing change and they find themselves so worked up and in tears over something they can’t control. In fact, I am going through the most INTENSE time of my life in the change department right now. Ready for the damn truth bomb? Tune into this episode to learn the three stages of transition and how to come out of a major change on top. | In this episode, we are talking about how to be a better spouse. That’s right ya’ll. How WE can be a better spouse, NOT- how to change your significant other, get rid of his or her bad habits and turn them back into the person you first met six years ago. We are talking about how we can be better and why that alone will translate into a better marriage in general.So allow me to introduce you to Dave Hollis. If you\'re familiar with the books, "Girl Wash Your Face or Girl Stop Apologizing" by Rachel Hollis, then you probably know who this guy is. He is the husband to Rachel, father to four children and the CEO of the Hollis Company. You may follow him on social media, take part in he and Rachel’s weekday morning chats on social media, listen to their podcasts, or even heard him live. Regardless, he is a VERY busy human being but he was kind enough to give me 30 minutes of his time so I could pick his brain and ask a TON of questions about a subject so many people ask me about. RELATIONSHIPS!Spoiler alert: You\'ll learn in this podcast- that there is very LITTLE that you can control. The only thing you can control, is YOU. But with that being said, you can always be doing BETTER to give your relationship 100% every single day. Today, Dave talks about his relationship with Rachel and how it’s evolved over the years- a tough ultimatum he was given, and what he does every single day to ensure he is the best husband he can be.And don’t worry, he leaves you some incredible tactical steps to begin taking control of your OWN personal relationship TODAY.\xa0 | A huge problem that so many babes face is they are going through so much inner turmoil and NEVER speak up about what they are going through, how they are hurting, etc. I\'m not if society taught us that or what, but it can impact our lives so much more than we could ever realize.Whether thats in a career, relationship, or a friendship, or someone hurts them, something doesn’t feel right, etc- they stay SILENT. They go on as normal, trying to make themselves adapt instead of standing up for themselves and what they believe is right. The problem is, staying quiet does nothing but make it worse. In fact, sitting back and being silent is the perfect recipe to become a ticking time bomb. It begins to eat you alive and then before you know it, it gets SO bad that you can barely face the person or the situation without wanting to scream your lungs out.\xa0In today\'s Freestyle Friday, I want to share an example from my past that honestly shaped me and taught me so much about this subject. I hope it inspires you to speak up. | Entrepreneur Kacia Fitzgerald and I chat about controlling your ENERGY. I asked her to come on the show because as you’ll quickly see, she is HIGH energy, happy, inspirational, and motivational ALL THE DAMN TIME. Life doesn’t come easy to ANYONE and not even a Disney Princess always has the best days. But the reality is that so many of us just crash and burn the moment a day starts the wrong way, or you get an email that throws you off, or someone is rude to you.\xa0Kacia talks to you about how she not only transformed her energy, but her life by choosing to see the positives. In the next 30 minutes, we just TALK and laugh and go unscripted into a conversation about how to keep your energy UP and positive despite whatever life throws at you. | I’ve had a quote written on a post it note for since I started my business that says: "You’re responsible for what you say and do, you’re NOT responsible for whether or not people freak out about it."In today\'s Freestyle Friday, I\'m going to get into a REAL life example that sparked this podcast- but the point is clear. A majority of our lives are based around the single thought of “What will people think of me?”\xa0 At the end of the day, it’s a trap and the biggest reason so many of us hold ourselves back from being the person we KNOW we are capable of becoming. Luckily for me, I learned this a while ago and while I can’t openly declare to the world that I am suddenly at peace with what others think of me (because words STILL hurt), I can say that because I put myself out there on so many platforms- it’s just something that’s going to happen. I won’t be everyone’s cup of tea, and friend- you won’t either. But we have to go after what we want, speak OUR truths. We can’t hide our opinions, our true selves just because not everyone is going to be happy with it.\xa0As long as you have integrity and good intentions behind what you say, you\'ll learn in this episode that reactions have nothing to do with YOU. | A lot of you having been asking for me to share about our infertility journey. While I have began to open up about it and share our experiences on social media, I realized this is something that’s still really raw and tough to talk about.\xa0Until I did a team meeting last week- I realized I’ve never actually shared the ENTIRE story and the emotions with it ever.\xa0 So after praying on it- I realized it was time. You need me to share this with you, you need to hear that I feel pain too, that I’ve been there. The reason you need it so much- is to also help you realize you’re not alone.\xa0So because I know that a lot of you that listen may NOT be dealing with infertility, this podcast does share my story-- but I want you to identify the overarching theme of this entire message. Every single one of you are going through something. Every single one of you are feeling pain in some way. And today isn’t just to share my story with you- it’s to help ANYONE who is dealing with any situation move through it, move past it, and heal.\xa0 | A nasty attitude is more contagious than the flu and who are you to ruin someone’s day because YOU decided to have a bad one? Yes, the word DECIDED is supposed to be in that sentence. In today\'s Freestyle Friday, I will share my experience with a woman at the nail salon who taught me a lesson I wanted to pass on to you.\xa0Are you making someone BETTER or MISERABLE?Self CHECK. | Let\'s get this party started! Allow me to introduce myself, share my story around control, and give you a behind the scenes look at what you can expect from this podcast from here on out-- then lets dive into the most TOUGH love subject, EVER. \xa0The FIVE things you CAN control that will help you live your best life.+ Identity\xa0+ Desire\xa0+ Environment\xa0+ Family/Friends\xa0+ Over-complicationMaster those five areas and sister, your life is forever changed.', 'chan_desc': 'Welcome to the Control Freak podcast with your host Kelsey Smith! You are here because of the title, right? You like to be in control. Whether that be of your finances, career, faith, fertility, health, marriage, motherhood or emotions- this is now going to be your home base. This podcast will be a breath of fresh air as it cuts out the BS & gets straight to the point.With a balance of laughter, everyday life, real talk and super tough love, this podcast will teach you how to embrace your need to control in a whole new way and take away tangible lessons that will help you live your best life.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/3d/dc/92/3ddc92fa-19aa-0f0c-01f9-ceacd06a24fc/mza_6525839066461399595.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-02'}}

{'Underdog Empowerment': {'title': 'Underdog Empowerment', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Underdog-Empowerment-id1364519', 'num_comments': 4, 'author': 'Zachary Babcock', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 63, 'play_count': 2141, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://underdogempowerment.com'], 'ep_total': 162, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:50:21', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:29:14', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:57:17', 1], ['2019-09-27', '00:54:20', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:12:41', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:41:24', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:45:29', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:29:47', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:27:15', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:43:33', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': ' Every real business does paid advertising. Some do it good, and some suck shit. You’re about to learn a simple retargeting method that will impact your bank account in a big way. \xa0  Joe Troyer is the founder of Digital Triggers, CMO & Partner at InvisiblePPC, and host of the top-rated podcast Show Me The Nuggets. \xa0  In this interview, Joe shows us the exact blueprint to his winning retargeting strategy that grows his audience and his agency. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/162 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0 \xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  I wish I got serious about email marketing a lot sooner than I did. It’s the lifeblood to your passive income business. \xa0  Email marketing is more important than ever with social media platforms killing your organic reach, making you pay to play. \xa0  In this episode, whether you’re getting into email marketing, just getting started, or been at it for a while, I’m going to give you the blueprint to grow your email list fast. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/161 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0 \xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  I’m sure you’ve heard it before, your network determines your net worth. It’s true. \xa0  I’d even say that relationships is life’s third most valuable asset next to time and health. \xa0  Ben Gothard is the host of The Project EGG Show and has built a powerful brand by networking like a gangster. \xa0  In this interview, we break down how to grow your network to play with the big dawgs and beef up your bankroll. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/160 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0 \xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  Some people let life keep them down while others make life their bitch. The choice is always completely up to you. \xa0  Nani Bernal is the CEO of InPower and the host of the Power Talk podcast. \xa0  In this episode, we talk about how to shift that power back to you so you can get InPower of your life. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/159 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0 \xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  The 3 email marketing mistakes you must avoid so you can get more opens, clicks, and sales from your subscribers. Follow this guide to take your email marketing to the next level. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/158 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  It’s time to get some traction with your personal brand, and we’re going to do that today with the D 6 Method brought to you by my man AJ Adams. \xa0  AJ Adams is the founder of D 6 Media and the host of the Brand Domination Show. \xa0  Let’s be real… most people suck at building a personal brand. That’s why you need to listen to this episode and implement what you learn. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/157 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  If you want to build an iconic brand, then you’ll want to learn the CORE Branding Method created by Jeff J Hunter. \xa0  Jeff J Hunter is the creator of the CORE Branding Method to Build Iconic Brands who is a contributor to Forbes, and has been featured on ABC, Entrepreneur, CBS & INC. \xa0  A bunch of guys on the internet are full of shit. Jeff isn’t one of those guys. I’ve watched this dude blow his personal brand up over the years. I don’t think you speak on the same stage as Gary Vee if you’re full of shit. \xa0  In this episode, you’ll learn the exact steps, actionable steps, to build an iconic brand using the CORE Branding Method. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/156 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0 \xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  A complete step-by-step guide to rank any podcast in the top charts on Apple. Instantly skyrocket your status and credibility. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/155 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0 \xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  Neil Patel is a is a New York Times Bestselling author. The Wall Street Journal calls him a top influencer on the web, Forbes says he is one of the top 10 marketers, and Entrepreneur Magazine says he created one of the 100 most brilliant companies.\xa0 \xa0  He was recognized as a top 100 entrepreneur under the age of 30 by President Obama and a top 100 entrepreneur under the age of 35 by the United Nations. \xa0  A guy who consistently ranks #1 on Google for highly targeted keywords like  ‘Digital  Marketing’, Neil talks with us today to help you take your SEO game to the next level. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/154 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0 \xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube  |  Justin Mitchell is the founder of So Friendly and YAC who has a ton of experience building successful start-ups. \xa0  He took his first start-up and got IPO’ed. Building a successful agency with So Friendly, Justin shares all the lessons learned. \xa0  Show Notes:  https://underdogempowerment.com/153 \xa0  Get More Involved:\xa0 \xa0   Leave A Review & Subscribe On iTunes:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/underdog-empowerment/id1373572178  Access Our Top Resource Recommendations:  https://underdogempowerment.com/resources/  Join The Elite Underdog Alphas With The Free Underdog Report:  https://underdogempowerment.com/report  Subscribe On YouTube:  https://underdogempowerment.com/youtube ', 'chan_desc': 'From living with convicted felons in prison to rubbing elbows with multi-millionaire entrepreneurs, my name is Zachary Babcock, student of psychology, passive income, business, and marketing with a broad perspective from both extremes of life. I share everything I learn about entrepreneurship, productivity, mental toughness, and mindset so you can defy the odds and win.This show is for underdog entrepreneurs who have a grandiose vision, all the odds stacked against them, and everyone counting them out. Regardless of your current resources, big or small, you\'re committed to leveling up, winning, and getting the respect you deserve.I share all of my most significant "a-ha moments" in my journey of building a passive income business, tough lessons learned and beating the odds. I interview some of the most successful visionaries, celebrities, and thought leaders who practice entrepreneurship.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/be/76/38/be763879-9216-ea5c-85f5-26acbc1a4bb3/mza_9116116198588108088.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-04-17'}}

{'Local Small Business Coach | Improve Your Profits & Sales': {'title': 'Local Small Business Coach | Improve Your Profits & Sales', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Local-Small-Business-Coach-|-Improve-Your-Profits-%26-Sales-id2049511', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Tammy Adams', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 356, 'play_count': 6505, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://localsmallbusinesscoach.com'], 'ep_total': 335, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:22:15', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:17:08', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:24:19', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:12:30', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:19:21', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:20:53', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:20:12', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:26:48', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:29:48', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:27:18', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': " How to Set Up a Good, Better Best Offering and Make Money! Using Your Business Numbers to Create Profitable Offerings in Your Small Business.\xa0 By Running the Numbers, You Will Ensure that You Set Yourself Up to Hit Your Profit Goals and at the same time drive sales that offer more value. ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams |  What is Possible in Your Local Small Business?\xa0 What is Your 5 Year Vision and What Would it Take to Make it Happen in Just 3 Years? What Has to be True? Are you finding that your vision is limited by what you are seeing other’s do? Dream Big! What is possible? This week we discuss how to take that vision and speed it up. \xa0 ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams |  Get Those Marketing Dollars Working for You! Do you know what your return is on your marketing/advertising dollars is? Do you know what your breakeven point is for each dollar you spend? In today’s episode, we will dive in deeper on how to get the most out of these critical dollars you spend in your business! ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams | \xa0 Should You Try a Temp Agency in Your Small Local Business?\xa0 Many local businesses haven't looked into the possibility of using a temp agency. In this week’s episode, we will take a look at some of the reasons you might want to see if this is a good option for you in your business.\xa0 ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams |  Pay Attention to Your Reoccurring Business What if You Could Have a Set Amount of Income Each Month? This is exactly what reoccurring revenue can provide you. A set amount of money that you know will be there each month if you continue to tend to those folks and always replace any losses. Even better, how can you grow this part of your business? When was the last time you crunched the numbers to see what you can count on or build going forward? \xa0 ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams |  Don't Forget Who Brought You to the Party! Each of us has a person or multiple folks that have helped us get our business off the ground. We owe them a debt of gratitude for helping us blow up our business. Once our business blows up, we get busy and stop giving that VIP treatment to those that brought us to the party and soon that business starts to die off. \xa0 ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams |  Use Your P&L Statement to Hit Your Profit Goal Have a Profit Goal? Figure Out Your Sales Goal to Hit It! Your Profit & Loss Income Statement has some great stuff to help you hit the profit goals of your business. By just using the percentages from your sales, COGS, expenses, and profit, you can work backward and determine what sales you need and what your COGS & expenses will typically run to hit that goal. We will even walk through an example so you can see how easy it is. How crazy would it be to know exactly what you need to do to hit the profit goals you have!\xa0 Don’t just survive, time to thrive! ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams |  Stop Blaming Your Competition!\xa0 It's Not Your Competitions Fault You Lack Business. There is plenty of pie to go around. The slices are so thin, yet we want to think that our competition is hogging up the entire thing, so we hop in our car and try and build the business in other areas that has just as much if not more competition! It is crazy. Let’s discuss what you can learn from your competition and how you can use them to improve your business. \xa0 ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams |  Profits First and Why Why settle for what is left at the end of the month?\xa0 You are doing it all backward. What if you could pay yourself first and then figure out what you need to run the business?\xa0 Today we dive into why you want to start thinking Profits First and what bank accounts can help you stay on track. ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams |  Stop Being a Victim of Your Success Have you grown your business to a point where you feel like you are failing? That no matter how much you do in sales you can’t seem to get out of a hole you have put yourself in? Maybe you have just realized that something has to give in order for you not to break. \xa0 If this sounds familiar, the odds are, you are suffering from what I like to call, being a victim of your success. \xa0 What does this look like and how can you turn the ship? Let’s discuss. \xa0 ~~~~ \xa0 The Local Small Business Coach Podcast is for Local Small Business Owners who are tired of living job to job and want to get to $100,000 in personal income. Each episode we discuss how to increase your profits, boost your sales, improve your processes and develop stronger teams. \xa0 \xa0 HELPFUL LINKS \xa0  The  Know Your Business Numbers Course  Youtube Channel – Training for Local Small Business Owners  Join the Badass Local Small Business Owners Facebook Group! Email me at tammy@localsmallbusinesscoach.com Visit the Local Small Business Coach website Get Your FREE eBook -8 Steps to Increasing Your Profits in Your Local Small Business  \xa0 WHO THIS PODCAST IS FOR: local small business owners, mobile businesses, brick and mortar businesses, handymen, landscapers, pool cleaners, cleaning services, QSRs, restaurant owners, mechanics, plumbers, real estate agents, dog groomers, franchisees, tradesmen, medical, dentist, insurance, & those looking to increase profits, boost sales, improve processes and develop stronger teams", 'chan_desc': "Helping Local Small Business Owners like handymen, cleaners, landscapers, painters, tradesman, dog groomers, franchisees, pool cleaners, brick & mortar, etc, earn a 6 figure income. So if you're working 60, 70 hours a week and struggle to grow your small business and you want more financial freedom, this show is for you. My mission is to help you earn an awesome income!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/1f/a8/b1/1fa8b14b-52bf-7f2c-9f56-61700eab2ae6/mza_5875543484247260996.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-09-25'}}

{'The Fizzle Show': {'title': 'The Fizzle Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Fizzle-Show-id2120333', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Fizzle.fm', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1927, 'play_count': 34953, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://fizzleshow.co'], 'ep_total': 345, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:37:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:55:11', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:28:52', 0], ['2019-09-24', '01:02:07', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:32:38', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:56:26', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:33:24', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:00:47', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:33:25', 0], ['2019-09-03', '01:06:58', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Seth Williams from RETipster.com joins us for this Office Hours Q&A edition of The Fizzle Show.We answer questions about pre-selling online courses, neglecting your life in pursuit of your business, and how much to pay yourself vs. reinvest in your business. | https://fizzleshow.co How do you drive traffic to a new website without doing heavy blogging or content marketing?Ruben Gamez is a serial entrepreneur and founder of Bidsketch and Docsketch. Bidsketch is a web application that helps people create professional-looking client proposals in minutes. Docsketch is an all-in-one electronic signature, approval, and document tracking solution.In this episode of The Fizzle Show, you'll learn exactly what techniques Ruben is using to drive hundreds of thousands of visits to his websites without blogging. | Shownotes: http://fizzleshow.coSeth Williams is a Fizzle alumni and founder of RETipster.com. In this episode you'll learn how Seth built a real estate business both online and off, and how he grew his business big enough to quit his day job. | Shownotes: http://fizzleshow.com/342What are the necessary steps to take to start selling online courses? Do you need to be at a certain level before you should start thinking about that at all? How do we pitch online courses at the right level and niche to maximize our reach and potential?The world of learning and the promotion of web-based resources and teaching has evolved very quickly over the last few years and as it has grown and changed, new companies have sprung up and filled spaces some of us never even knew existed. With the multitude of options out there, you might be wondering where can you content fit in and if there is even space for you?In this episode, we have a big discussion on this fertile topic, looking at pillar content, accelerator models and the big one: personalization and segmentation! Our panel of guests gives amazing perspectives on referrals, funnels, scaling and outsourcing.Today on the show we are joined by Janelle Allen from Zen Courses, Barrett Brooks of ConvertKit and Brennan Dunn from RightMessage! These three friends of Fizzle all have valuable and contrasting experience in the fields of online learning and we promise they have all the beans to spill!We also talk about using your collected data smartly, when or if to hire a virtual assistant, baselines to reach before creating courses and how far you should niche down. So for all this and a whole lot more, join us on the Fizzle Show today!Today’s episode is brought to you by Podia.Podia is a Swiss Army Knife for selling anything you need online. It's an all-in-one digital storefront where you can sell courses, memberships, and digital downloads all in one place.The cool thing about Podia is that they eliminate all the technical headaches. You don’t have to install anything, you can host your sales pages there, your files, your checkout process. You can even do your email marketing and your newsletters from Podia!Fizzle Show listeners can get 15% off of Podia FOR LIFE by signing up for a free trial over at http://podia.com/fizzle.Key Points From This Episode:Is it possible to still make a dent in the online teaching world? [0:02:32.4]Helping people with their own success through different formats. [0:06:12.7]Standing out in a crowded market and the accelerator model. [0:09:36.4]The unique opportunity for interactive and sticky courses. [0:13:52.1]The vital importance of referrals and testimonials in marketing and sustainability. [0:15:31.7]Personalization, segmentation, and customization; the future of online courses. [0:17:25.9]Finding common ground and reflecting this to customers through email. [0:23:40.4]Niching down versus personalization; why segmentation comes first. [0:27:12.3]Weighing the creation of new content against refining existent content. [0:33:17.7]Baselines for successful first course sales! [0:39:02.5]The benefits of collecting segment data for focussing your marketing. [0:42:01.4]Scaling up and the differences between small teams and big companies. [0:47:20.3]When to do things yourself and when to outsource certain jobs. [0:52:45.2] Prioritizing work and letting go of tasks that you do not need to do. [0:58:47.9] And much more!Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:Fizzle — https://fizzle.coPodia — https://www.podia.com/fizzleZen Courses — https://www.zencourses.co/aboutJanelle Allen — https://www.zencourses.coBrennan Dunn — https://brennandunn.comRightMessage — https://rightmessage.comConvertKit — https://brennandunn.com/Barrett Brooks — https://barrettbrooks.com/Inc 5000 — https://www.inc.com/inc5000/index.html Teachable — https://teachable.comCoursera — https://www.coursera.org/Thinkific — https://www.thinkific.com/Udemy — https://www.udemy.com Masterclass — https://www.masterclass.comDouble Your Freelancing — https://doubleyourfreelancing.com/Bryan Harris — https://videofruit.comTim Ferris — https://tim.blog Airtable — https://airtable.comPat Flynn — https://www.smartpassiveincome.com OptinMonster — https://optinmonster.comCorbett Barr — https://corbettbarr.com | Shownotes: http://fizzleshow.com/341Welcome to Part 2 of our Fizzle Friday show with Brendan Hufford. In this episode, we have several questions for Brendan to follow up from last Friday when we discussed SEO, so if you haven't listened to that episode yet, make sure you do! Brendan fields a bunch of our questions, from the team and the Fizzle audience, about link-building, Google algorithm changes, and keyword funnels. Trust us you are not going to want to miss this essential exploration of SEO from a true expert!Today on the show we are also joined by Fizzle regulars, Jen Rao and Joe Kerns to take part in the Q&A, so it promises to be a jam-packed show, full of learning. The conversation also covers building real and beneficial business relationships, growing a podcast audience and much more! Tune in to get it all!Key Points From This Episode:Explaining link-building and why it is still important today. [0:02:30.5]How Brendan thinks about linking between websites. [0:06:03.7]Using real relationship and friends to build up a network of links. [0:10:20.1]Updates on Google's recent algorithm changes and the effects to average sites. [0:14:23.3]General strategies for staying on the right side of Google! [0:20:15.7]Bottom of funnel keywords and how valuable they can be to your ranking. [0:24:01.4]Brendan's advice for growing a podcast audience through SEO and engagement. [0:27:09.2]And much more!Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:Fizzle — https://fizzle.co/Brendan Hufford — https://brendanhufford.comAhrefs — https://ahrefs.comNeil Patel — https://neilpatel.comBrian Dean —  https://backlinko.comUltimate Sales Machine — https://www.amazon.com/Ultimate-Sales-Machine-Turbocharge-Relentless/dp/1591842158Pat Flynn — https://www.smartpassiveincome.comChris Ducker — https://www.chrisducker.comWorld Domination Summit — https://worlddominationsummit.comConvertKit Conference — https://conference.convertkit.com/Fiverr — https://www.fiverr.com/100 Days of SEO — https://100daysofseo.com Article Marketing Robot — http://www.articlemarketingrobot.comThe Best Spinner — https://thebestspinner.com/v4/Ruebn Gamez — https://www.linkedin.com/in/rugamezDocsketch — https://www.docsketch.com/HelloSign — https://www.hellosign.comDocuSign — https://www.docusign.com Drift — https://www.intercom.com/Intercom — https://www.intercom.com/Vegetarian Zen  — https://www.vegetarianzen.comBreakthrough Advertising — https://www.breakthroughadvertisingbook.comSide Hustle School — https://sidehustleschool.comFizzle Goals Course — https://fizzle.co/courses/goalsFizzle on Twitter — https://twitter.com/fizzleFizzle Just Ship It Challenge — https://app.fizzle.co/just-ship-it-challengeFizzle Sparkline — https://fizzle.co/sparklineFizzle Journaling Course — https://fizzle.co/courses/journalFizzle Essentials of Web Design Course — https://fizzle.co/library/essentials-of-website-design-for-business-buildersFizzle Website Tune Up Curse — https://fizzle.co/courses/tuneupFizzle 80/20 Copywriting Guide — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/writing-copy-for-webFizzle Toolkit — https://fizzle.co/toolkitFizzle Craft + Commerce — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/craft-commerceFizzle Project Management for Entrepreneurs — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/project-management-for-entrepreneursFizzle Hosting — https://fizzle.co/hostingFly Wheel — https://getflywheel.comMatt Giovansci — https://www.moneylab.co/Joe Kerns — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/author/joekernsJen Rao — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/author/jenraoCorbett Barr — https://corbettbarr.com | Show Notes: http://fizzleshow.com/340How can we, as entrepreneurs, continue to stay abreast of all the new information and skills in circulation? Is there a way to fast track learning and at the same time make it meaningful and effective? What really happens in our brains when we try and adopt something new?Today on the show we are joined by Scott H Young, author of the Wall Street Journal Bestseller, Ultralearning. The book aims to arm readers with actionable strategies and techniques for faster, more accurate learning and skill acquisition. Scott is a writer, programmer, traveler and avid reader, who has spent the last 15 years as a successful blogger and entrepreneur.This episode will give you a taste of the book and its contents, which promises to help you master hard skills, outsmart the competition and accelerate your career. We discuss the process of learning new skills, staying relevant and reinventing yourself, all things that Scott believes are vital to success as an entrepreneur in today's world.For all this inspiring information, from an author with so much to offer, be sure to join us on the Fizzle Show!Today’s episode is brought to you by Podia (http://podia.com/fizzle).Podia is a Swiss Army Knife for selling anything you need online. It's an all-in-one digital storefront where you can sell courses, memberships, and digital downloads all in one place.The cool thing about Podia is that they eliminate all the technical headaches. You don’t have to install anything, you can host your sales pages there, your files, your checkout process. You can even do your email marketing and your newsletters from Podia!Fizzle Show listeners can get 15% off of Podia FOR LIFE by signing up for a free trial over at http://podia.com/fizzle.Key Points From This Episode:Developing the ability to learn and its centrality to entrepreneurship. [0:02:31.6]How Scott managed to turn his blogging efforts into a career. [0:06:21.2]Scott's own learning journey and endeavors in productivity and improvement. [0:07:00.8]The MIT Challenge and the impetus behind the project. [0:10:37.2]Finding a way to keep learning on your clock for your own good. [0:17:21.6]Applying this learning model to small amounts of information. [0:19:16.1]The example of Tristan De Montebello and his public speaking goals. [0:21:20.6]A few secrets to successful learning of a new skill from Scott! [0:24:30.3]The benefits of generating as much feedback opportunities as possible. [0:28:40.5]Different types of learning and which are most effective. [0:32:39.2]The example of chess grandmasters and what entrepreneurs can learn from it. [0:34:56.6]Scott's three-step process for becoming a better writer. [0:37:54.9]The process of writing Ultralearning and what Scott learned! [0:39:30.3]Strategic and marketing choices that go into the creation of a book. [0:41:51.9]The benefits of blogging and the gifts it has given Scott. [0:47:55.2]The effects of writing on the mind and cognition; expanding working memory. [0:51:40.6]And much more!Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:Fizzle — https://fizzle.coPodia — https://www.podia.com/fizzleScott H Young — https://www.scotthyoung.com/Ultralearning — https://www.amazon.com/Ultralearning-Master-Outsmart-Competition-Accelerate/dp/006285268XWall Street Journal — https://www.wsj.comGetting Things Done — https://www.amazon.com/Getting-Things-Done-Stress-Free-Productivity/dp/0142000280The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People — https://www.amazon.com/Habits-Highly-Effective-People-Powerful/dp/0743269519MIT Challenge — https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/myprojects/mit-challenge-2/Tristan de Montebello — https://medium.com/@montebello Toastmasters — https://www.toastmasters.org Zen Habits — https://zenhabits.net Leo Babauta — https://leobabauta.com/ Alan Baddeley — https://www.york.ac.uk/psychology/staff/academicstaff/ab50/Corbett Barr — https://corbettbarr.comFizzle Goals Course — https://fizzle.co/courses/goalsFizzle on Twitter — https://twitter.com/fizzleFizzle Just Ship It Challenge — https://app.fizzle.co/just-ship-it-challengeFizzle Sparkline — https://fizzle.co/sparklineFizzle Journaling Course — https://fizzle.co/courses/journalFizzle Essentials of Web Design Course — https://fizzle.co/library/essentials-of-website-design-for-business-buildersFizzle Website Tune Up Curse — https://fizzle.co/courses/tuneupFizzle 80/20 Copywriting Guide — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/writing-copy-for-webFizzle Toolkit — https://fizzle.co/toolkitFizzle Craft + Commerce — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/craft-commerceFizzle Project Management for Entrepreneurs — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/project-management-for-entrepreneursFizzle Hosting — https://fizzle.co/hosting | Shownotes: http://fizzleshow.com/339On this edition of Fizzle Friday, we welcome Brendan Hufford, longtime Fizzle member and SEO wizard! He details his evolving entrepreneurial journey, doing SEO his way, and illustrates what his success has looked like over the years.We discuss Brendan's numerous business ventures and how he has pivoted several times and describes life at the agency where he spends most of his time. He has found a sweet spot between his talents and passions representing **another example of someone who has created a sustainable lifestyle doing something he cares about.Today on the show we are also joined by Fizzle regulars, Jen Rao and Joe Kerns to take part in the discussion! This Friday episode is the first part of two and in next week's episode, we will be doing a Q & A with Brendan and our panel, so make sure to catch that one as well!Join us for this Fizzle Friday and hear it all!Key Points From This Episode:A little introduction to Brendan and his business! [0:02:50.6]Brendan's pivot from his jiu-jitsu based businesses around 2015. [0:06:12.3]The agency where Brendan currently works. [0:12:30.2]Hopes for the future and working for a better tomorrow. [0:15:40.1]Combining two or more interests and finding success in where they overlap. [0:17:00.8]Comparing an aligned hustle with a lifestyle full of context-switching and different work. [0:22:35.5]The financial independence that allowed Brendan to buy a brand new van! [0:25:20.3]Brendan's 100 Days of SEO project and other things he is busy with. [0:27:10.8]Advice from Brendan to entrepreneurs who feel unsure of their future. [0:29:35.5]And much more!Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:Fizzle — https://fizzle.coFly Wheel — https://getflywheel.comMatt Giovansci — https://www.moneylab.co/Brendan Hufford — https://brendanhufford.com Photo MBA — https://photomba.netGretchen Rubin — https://gretchenrubin.com Fizzle Roadmap — https://app.fizzle.co/courses/small-business-roadmapOverlap — https://www.amazon.com/Overlap-Start-Business-Working-Full-Time/dp/B074PZY9SWScott Adams —  https://www.nytimes.com/2019/07/30/business/media/scott-adams-dilbert-gilroy.htmlDilbert —  https://dilbert.com/Casey Neistat — https://www.caseyneistat.com/Steve Jobs — https://www.biography.com/business-figure/steve-jobsQuora — https://www.quora.comSwim University — https://www.swimuniversity.comLasso — https://getlasso.coBrew Cabin — https://www.brewcabin.com/ Roasty Coffee — https://www.roastycoffee.com Tai Lopez — https://www.tailopez.com 100 Days of SEO — https://100daysofseo.com Joe Kerns — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/author/joekernsJen Rao — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/author/jenraoCorbett Barr — https://corbettbarr.comFizzle Goals Course — https://fizzle.co/courses/goalsFizzle on Twitter — https://twitter.com/fizzleFizzle Just Ship It Challenge — https://app.fizzle.co/just-ship-it-challengeFizzle Sparkline — https://fizzle.co/sparklineFizzle Journaling Course — https://fizzle.co/courses/journalFizzle Essentials of Web Design Course — https://fizzle.co/library/essentials-of-website-design-for-business-buildersFizzle Website Tune Up Curse — https://fizzle.co/courses/tuneupFizzle 80/20 Copywriting Guide — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/writing-copy-for-webFizzle Toolkit — https://fizzle.co/toolkitFizzle Craft + Commerce — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/craft-commerceFizzle Project Management for Entrepreneurs — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/project-management-for-entrepreneursFizzle Hosting — https://fizzle.co/hosting | Shownotes: http://fizzleshow.com/338Which strategies help us stay productive with the bulk of our time? What do we do when one of these strategies loses its effect? What is the right balance between being focused on productivity and actually being productive?In the online business world, there is more than enough literature and content offering you ways to be more productive! These ideas can often be really helpful, sometimes seem like noise and can distract you from what is important. We want to assess where the general productivity conversation is currently situated and help you to gauge where you are with it! In this episode, we break down the ever-evolving inner and outer world of productivity. A common experience for many people seems to be that tactics and systems can help a lot but that their effect can wear off over time. So one of the main issues here seems to be how to pivot at the right point to a new way of doing things. Today on the show we are joined by our old bestie Chase Reeves and past guest / great friend Mike Vardy. Mike is a productivity expert who runs Productivityist and has some great, sometimes strange, routines that we cannot wait to share with all of you!We also talk about maintaining focus, virtual assistants, the negative side of productivity and what theming your time can offer you. For all this and more, join us today for another great show! Today’s episode is brought to you by Podia.Podia is a Swiss Army Knife for selling anything you need online. It's an all-in-one digital storefront where you can sell courses, memberships, and digital downloads all in one place.The cool thing about Podia is that they eliminate all the technical headaches. You don’t have to install anything, you can host your sales pages there, your files, your checkout process. You can even do your email marketing and your newsletters from Podia!Fizzle Show listeners can get 15% off of Podia FOR LIFE by signing up for a free trial over at http://podia.com/fizzle.Key Points From This Episode:Starting the year in September, theming times, days and months. [0:04:12.6]Understanding Mike's use of productivity themes throughout his week. [0:08:04.5]Chase's recent routines and the difference between productivity and focus. [0:11:25.8]The convenience and dangers of hiring a virtual assistant. [0:17:41.4]Productivity overwhelm and anxiety; the negative side of trying to get it all done. [0:21:07.9]Setting up new systems and the rebirth of our organizational strategies. [0:27:31.2]The personal nature and universal aspects of routine. [0:34:48.1]Dealing with hurdles and potholes in your productivity systems. [0:38:49.6]Rewards, motivations and the carrot and stick mentality. [0:43:28.8]Intentional hacking and injecting care into our shortcuts. [0:49:57.4]Mike's advice to those wanting to level up or refresh their productivity. [0:53:08.6]The courses and resources that can help you actionable strategies. [0:55:11.9]And much more!Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:Fizzle — https://fizzle.coPodia — https://www.podia.com/fizzleMike Vardy — http://mikevardy.com/Productivityist — https://productivityist.com/Episode 99 — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/2-experts-share-exactly-how-to-use-a-productivity-journal-increase-productivity-by-23-fs099Work with Chase — https://www.workwithchase.comMartin Short — https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0001737/Gretchen Rubin — https://gretchenrubin.comNirvana — https://nirvanahq.comAbout Time — https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/about_timeSteven Pressfield — https://stevenpressfield.comThe Legend of Bagger Vance — https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/legendofbagger_vanceThe War of Art — https://www.amazon.com/War-Art-Steven-Pressfield-ebook/dp/B007A4SDCG Do the Work — https://www.amazon.com/Do-Work-Overcome-Resistance-Your/dp/1936891379  My Morning Routine —  https://mymorningroutine.comDrafts — https://getdrafts.comEvernote — https://evernote.comAsana — https://asana.com/Trello — https://trello.comWalt Whitman — https://poets.org/poet/walt-whitmanConvertKit — https://convertkit.comGetting Things Done — https://www.amazon.com/Getting-Things-Done-Stress-Free-Productivity/dp/0142000280David Allen — https://gettingthingsdone.comStephen Covey — https://www.franklincovey.com/the-7-habits.htmlCal Newport — http://www.calnewport.comDeep Work —  https://www.amazon.com/Deep-Work-Focused-Success-Distracted/dp/1455586692 Keep Going — https://www.amazon.com/Keep-Going-Ways-Creative-Times/dp/1523506644Austin Kleon — https://austinkleon.comAbout a Boy — https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/aboutaboyChopin — https://www.biography.com/musician/frederic-chopinAlan Watts — https://www.alanwatts.orgThe Power of When — https://www.amazon.com/Power-When-Discover-Chronotype-Lunch-ebook/dp/B01A5VQU48Michael Breus — https://thesleepdoctor.comFizzle Goals Course  — http://fizzle.co/goalsSteph Crowder — https://www.courageandclarity.comFizzle Journalling Course  — http://fizzle.co/journalOprah — http://www.oprah.comMatterful — https://matterful.co/Chase Reeves — https://www.youtube.com/user/chasereevesCorbett Barr — https://corbettbarr.com | Shownotes: http://fizzleshow.com/337How do you grow a following for your podcast if you don’t have an existing audience elsewhere? It might be easy to introduce a podcast if you already have thousands of social media followers and a long email list, but it’s trickier if you are starting from scratch. In this member-focused episode, the Fizzle Team discusses this puzzle and address some other attendee questions. Each host gives their perspective as it pertains to their own experience and business. We also talk about the strategies new podcasters could use to get the attention of another audience who is already listening to similar shows. Later we tackle the all-too-familiar problem of people who want to “pick your brain” without paying for it and help you to better set the boundaries between a discovery session and an actual consultation. And finally we talk about how to approach your first social media PPC ad campaigns, free content creation and wrap up with an encouraging testimonial from a Fizzle member.Tune in to get all the answers from this week’s Fizzler-focused Q&A episode! Key Points From This Episode:Growing your podcast audience and the problem of discoverability. [0:01:20.0]Why you might need to diversify and leverage podcast content in a blog post. [0:05:41.0]Strategies for getting the attention of people who already listen to podcasts. [0:08:28.0]How to avoid wasting your time by those who want info but don’t want to pay. [0:14:21.0]Differentiating between a free discovery session and an actual consultation. [0:19:51.0]Tips on running ads and being careful with a business model built on paid traffic. [0:23:04.0]The potential with publishing high-quality free content to create awareness. [0:27:47.0]A success story from a Fizzle member. [0:30:56.0]And much more!Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:Fizzle — https://fizzle.co/That Remote Life — https://thatremotelife.com/Fizzle Roadmap — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/small-business-roadmap-1-clarityCourage and Clarity — https://www.courageandclarity.com/Jenna Kutcher — https://jennakutcher.com/Lifestyle Business Weekly —  https://corbettbarr.com/the-show/Stretchmark Secret — https://stretchmarksecret.com/Jen Rao — https://clearyourlife.ca/Joe Kerns on LinkedIn — https://www.linkedin.com/in/jfkernsAiden Fishbein on Twitter — https://twitter.com/megafishbein Corbett Barr — https://corbettbarr.com | Show Notes: http://fizzleshow.com/336Ever wonder about starting a video show? Did you decide not to due to the many obstacles, including a lack of time and resources? Have you wanted to get on podcasting bandwagon but feel unsure of how to juggle your tasks? Were you concerned that neither of these would be *the most productive use of your time? *In this episode, we discover the wonder of video shows and podcasting and talk about being involved in several ventures while still focusing on what you are good at. We also get into how affiliate marketing can significantly boost your following and the traffic to your website. Today on the show we are joined by Matt Giovanisci, successful entrepreneur, website wizard, podcast producer, and video veteran. His specialties include web design, internet marketing, web development, SEO, small and corporate business marketing and more, and he is here to talk about how he makes money through information-based sites, affiliate offers and how their link manager tool LASSO fits into it all. We also talk about the importance of editing your business and scrutinizing expenses, focusing on what you are truly good at and knowing when to delegate and outsource tasks to optimize your productivity. He also shares how he manages to create consistent, high-quality content while avoiding burnout, and he dishes out advice for those who are looking to start producing videos or podcasts. Be sure to tune in for another fantastic episode!Today’s episode is brought to you by Podia.Podia is a Swiss Army Knife for selling anything you need online. It's an all-in-one digital storefront where you can sell courses, memberships, and digital downloads all in one place.The cool thing about Podia is that they eliminate all the technical headaches. You don’t have to install anything, you can host your sales pages there, your files, your checkout process. You can even do your email marketing and your newsletters from Podia!Fizzle Show listeners can get 15% off of Podia FOR LIFE by signing up for a free trial over at http://podia.com/fizzle.Key Points from This Episode:The evolution of Matt's project Earnest and joining up with LASSO. [0:05:20.0]Building information-based sites and making money through affiliate offers. [0:10:16.0]LASSO as a link manager for affiliate sites and other problems it solves. [0:14:25.0]How editing his business has been a massive breakthrough. [0:18:34.0]Establishing that he is good at digital publishing and deciding to focus on that. [0:23:36.0]More about their Money Lab podcast and having a dynamic sponsorship spot. [0:29:48.0]How YouTube sponsorship revenue compares to his Matt's own products. [0:35:22.0]Matt's strategy for putting out videos, podcasts and articles consistently. [0:39:23.0]The process of making a video: from the script to finding the right background. [0:43:28.0]Deciding which steps of the video production process to outsource. [0:47:08.0]Understanding the need to delegate and spending time on what matters. [0:52:42.0]Advice for people who want to start a video show or podcast. [1:00:42.0]Matt’s amazing affiliate marketing course now available inside Fizzle. [1:04:04.0]And much more!Links Mentioned in Today’s Episode:Fizzle — https://fizzle.co/Corbett Barr on Twitter — https://twitter.com/CorbettBarrPodia — https://www.podia.com/fizzleMatt Giovanisci on Twitter — https://twitter.com/MattGiovanisciSwim University — https://www.swimuniversity.com/Money Lab Podcast — https://www.moneylab.co/podcastLASSO — https://getlasso.co/LASSO Free Trial — https://fizzle.co/lassoListen Money Matters Podcast — https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/show/WordPress — https://wordpress.com/Pretty Links — https://prettylinks.com/CleverHiker — https://www.cleverhiker.com/Wirecutter — https://thewirecutter.com/NerdWallet — https://www.nerdwallet.com/WP Engine — https://wpengine.com/Traction on Amazon — https://www.amazon.com/Traction-Get-Grip-Your-Business/dp/1936661837Profit First — https://profitfirstbook.com/Toyota — https://www.toyota.com/Mitsubishi — https://www.mitsubishi-motors.com/Megaphone — https://megaphone.fm/StartUp Podcast — https://gimletmedia.com/shows/startupThe Profit — https://www.cnbc.com/the-profit/Shark Tank — https://abc.go.com/shows/shark-tankAsana — https://asana.com/?noredirectTrello — https://trello.com/Caleb Wojcik — https://www.calebwojcik.com/Adobe Premiere — https://www.adobe.com/products/premiere.html?promoid=PQ7SQBYQ&mv=otherZencastr — https://zencastr.com/PewDiePie — https://www.youtube.com/user/PewDiePie/videos?app=desktopFizzle Roadmap — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/small-business-roadmap-1-clarityFizzle Try 5 — http://fizzle.co/try5Fizzle Productivity Essentials — https://app.fizzle.co/library/productivity-essentialsFizzle Name Evaluator — https://fizzle.co/?s=name+evaluatorFizzle Customer Conversations Course — https://app.fizzle.co/courses/customer-conversationsFizzle Define Your Audience Course — https://fizzle.co/guides/defining-your-audienceFizzle Goals Course — https://fizzle.co/courses/goalsFizzle on Twitter — https://twitter.com/fizzleFizzle Just Ship It Challenge — https://app.fizzle.co/just-ship-it-challengeFizzle Sparkline — https://fizzle.co/sparklineFizzle Journaling Course — https://fizzle.co/courses/journalFizzle Essentials of Web Design Course — https://fizzle.co/library/essentials-of-website-design-for-business-buildersFizzle Website Tune Up Curse — https://fizzle.co/courses/tuneupFizzle 80/20 Copywriting Guide — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/writing-copy-for-webFizzle Toolkit — https://fizzle.co/toolkitFizzle Craft + Commerce — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/craft-commerceFizzle Project Management for Entrepreneurs — https://fizzle.co/sparkline/project-management-for-entrepreneursFizzle Hosting — https://fizzle.co/hosting", 'chan_desc': 'Weekly insights for online business builders and small business owners earning a living doing something they care about. We focus on modern business essentials, self employment, motivation, productivity, audience growth, blogging, podcasting, content marketing, work-life balance among other things!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/57/07/e0/5707e0cb-27f0-0abf-e5c4-3c7c98016f3f/mza_4214426652086381964.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-04-08'}}

{'Work Your Inner Wisdom with Lee Chaix McDonough': {'title': 'Work Your Inner Wisdom with Lee Chaix McDonough', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Work-Your-Inner-Wisdom-with-Lee-Chaix-McDonough-id2102134', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Lee Chaix McDonough', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 7, 'play_count': 51, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://workyourinnerwisdom.com'], 'ep_total': 26, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:34:28', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:42:01', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:35:22', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:29:09', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:35:59', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:42:49', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:36:28', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:34:55', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:32:47', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:34:33', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In Episode 25, I’m talking all about what it means to be intuitive, what it means to be a coach, and how to marry both in your coaching practice.  We’ll talk briefly about intuition, how it’s defined, and how it shows up in our lives. If you need a refresher, go back and listen to Episodes 3, 17, and 23 (find the links below).  Then, we’ll move into what makes someone a coach. (Spoiler: it doesn’t take much.) I’ll then explain how you can become a more powerful coach, and share my journey with you.  Finally, we’ll talk about what it means to be an intuitive coach, and how to blend our intuition with our coaching practice. When we take cues from our intuition as we work with our clients, that’s when we can really make an impact in the lives of others. But first, we have to do the inner work.  In the Make It Work Moment, I’m sharing some exciting news regarding my NEW Membership Program, Coach With Clarity®. I’m excited to work with intuitive helpers and healers like you, creating a business and a life that is fulfilling and powerful.\xa0 \xa0 Show notes: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/25/ \xa0 Mentioned in this episode:  Coach With Clarity® Membership Program Episode 3: The Art and Science of Intuition Episode 17: The Four Fs of Fear-Based Action Episode 23: The D.E.C.I.D.E. Framework The International Coach Federation Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community Follow Lee on Instagram!  | This week, I’m chatting with Kimberly Dwyer, a therapist-turned-coach with a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology and owner of Intentional Private Practice. She’s also one of the founding members of my Coach With Clarity® membership program, a program designed to help intuitive helpers and healers build a successful coaching business, reconnect with what matters most, and gain insight into what makes each coach dynamic and unique. \xa0 Kim describes her journey from full-time therapy to a thriving coaching business. We talk about the importance of finding fulfillment in our work, and how sometimes saying “yes” to ourselves and our businesses means saying “no” to other people and opportunities. \xa0 Kim also shares her insight into the Coach With Clarity program and how it has impacted her business and her life. You’ll get a better understanding of the Coach With Clarity membership, what’s included, and how you can uplevel your coaching practice through content, connection, and community. \xa0 Finally, during the Make It Work Moment, we address a key issue for every entrepreneur - setting boundaries. Listen in and learn more, then check out the show notes at https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/24. \xa0 Mentioned in this episode: \xa0  Work Your Inner Wisdom website The Clarity Summit, coming September 30. Register online for FREE! Coach With Clarity® Membership Program Kimberly Dwyer’s website, Intentional Private Practice Kim’s Intentional Private Practice Facebook Group The  Ikigai Chart  Marie Forleo: The Multi-Passionate Individual Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community Follow Lee on Instagram!  | In this episode, I’m sharing my strategy for effective decision-making. I call it the D.E.C.I.D.E. Framework, which stands for: \xa0 D – Define the issue or question E – Explore the deeper meaning C – Center and connect I – Invoke your intuition D – Discern your next step E – Engage with purpose \xa0 You’ll learn how to go through each of these steps, how to make both quick decisions and more serious ones, and how to connect your intuition and inner knowledge with the outside data to make the best possible decision in your business and your life. \xa0 I’m also sharing more about the upcoming Clarity Summit and my brand-new membership program, Coach With Clarity. \xa0 \xa0 Mentioned in this episode:  Work Your Inner Wisdom website The Clarity Summit, coming September 30. Register online for FREE! Coach With Clarity® Membership Program Work Your Inner Wisdom Podcast Episode 7: Content Creation as Spiritual Connection Work Your Inner Wisdom Podcast Episode 17: The Four Fs of Fear-Based Action Work Your Inner Wisdom Podcast Episode 19: Finding Your Purpose Work Your Inner Wisdom Podcast Episode 5: Intuitive Decision Making The Wisdom Library Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community Follow Lee on Instagram!  | Join me as I interview the fabulous India Jackson, founder of India Jackson Artistry, a visual marketing agency known for taking an authentic and unapologetic approach to helping clients reach their goals. \xa0 India is a model-turned-entrepreneur who provides consulting strategy, photography, and training for both small businesses and big brands. In her spare time, India loves disrupting the way people view job titles, branding, visibility, and ultimately themselves. \xa0 Today, we’re talking about finding your voice and clarifying your brand. We’ll discuss how visual imagery, social media, and even graphic design reflect who you are, what your business is, and how you reach clients. \xa0 We’re also talking about intuition and the role it plays in clarifying your business’s purpose and vision. And yes, we talk about journaling – why some people resist it, why it’s so important, and what you can do if you really hate writing. \xa0 You’ll also hear more about the upcoming Clarity Summit: who’s going to be there, what you’ll learn, and how to register. Did I mention it’s FREE? Listen for more details! \xa0 Mentioned in this episode:  Work Your Inner Wisdom website Lee’s interview with Erica Courdae: Episode 12 Flaunt Your Fire website Pause on the Play podcast with Erica and India India’s Instagram Page The Wisdom Library Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community Follow Lee on Instagram! The Clarity Summit, coming September 30. Register online for FREE!  | I’m expanding on the concepts we talked about in Episode 19: Finding Your Purpose. Once you’re clear on your purpose, how do you put that purpose into action? In this episode, we’ll talk about the five most common blocks that keep us from achieving our purpose, and how we can move past them. \xa0 Five blocks that keep us from living our out purpose: \xa0  No clear vision No clear strategy A limited view of opportunity Saying yes to everything Getting caught up in negative self-talk  \xa0 In the Make It Work Moment, I’ll uncover strategies you can use to help you overcome these blocks and move toward a business that meets your bigger vision. \xa0 I’ve also got more details about the upcoming Clarity Summit, a five-day virtual event designed for intuitive helpers, healers and coaches who are ready to grow their businesses. It’s FREE, so listen to the details, go online, and get registered! \xa0 Mentioned in this episode:  Work Your Inner Wisdom website Work Your Inner Wisdom Podcast Episode 19: Finding Your Purpose The  Finding Your Purpose Guide The Ops Authority Podcast with Natalie Gingrich Work Your Inner Wisdom Podcast Episode 17: The Four Fs of Fear-Based Action The Big Leap by Gay Hendricks  Barbara Corcoran’s Twitter Feed Work Your Inner Wisdom Podcast  Episode 15: Six Ways to Sabotage Yourself (and what to do instead!) The Wisdom Library Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community Follow Lee on Instagram! The Clarity Summit, coming September 30. Register online for FREE!  \xa0 | In episode 20, I interview Lisa Princic, a business and marketing strategist who helps intuitive entrepreneurs clarify their messaging, discover what makes them unique, and then effectively communicate that message to clients. \xa0 We talk all about positioning yourself in your professional field, finding your niche, and finding your value. \xa0 Lisa also brings up the topic of the Enneagram, which I’m more than happy to discuss! Learn how your Enneagram type informs the work you do and the way you position yourself and your business in the world. \xa0 Lisa and I chat about the role personal development plays in our business success. And speaking of success, we talk about how success is defined for each of us, and whether or not we should focus on money. \xa0 In the Make It Work Moment, Lisa shares her process for finding clarity and defining your signature system to help your business reach clients more effectively. \xa0 You’ll also hear about a special offer more my listeners – a FREE summit coming up in September! Don’t miss it! \xa0 Show notes: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/20 \xa0 \xa0 Mentioned in this episode: \xa0 Mastery and Message Podcast by Lisa Princic: https://lisaprincic.com/podcast/\xa0 \xa0 Lisa’s Website: https://lisaprincic.com/\xa0 \xa0 The Enneagram Personality Test: http://truity.com/test/enneagram-personality-test\xa0 \xa0 The Clarity Summit, coming Sept 30 – Oct 4: https://claritysummit.com\xa0 \xa0 The Deeper Dive, my weekly email to listeners: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/start-here/\xa0 \xa0 Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/community\xa0 | If you’ve ever pondered the purpose of your life, you’re not alone. It’s one of the big questions in life: What’s my purpose? Why am I here? \xa0 If you’re anything like me, you’ve asked yourself these big questions more than once. \xa0 In this episode, I’ll give you the tools you need to discover your purpose in this world. \xa0 We’ll start by defining “purpose,” what it is and what it isn’t. I’ll also give you five elements that play into your purpose: your values, passions, strengths, principles, and perspective, and then give you ways to tap into each of those elements. \xa0 By the end of the episode, you’ll have the tools you need to examine your life and discover your passion. \xa0 Stay until the end, because I’ve got a big announcement in the Make It Work Moment. You won’t want to miss it! \xa0 \xa0 LINKS \xa0 Episode 19 show notes \xa0 Act on Your Business: Braving the storms of entrepreneurship and creating success through meaning, mindset, and mindfulness \xa0 Via Strength Survey \xa0  Clifton Strengths Finder \xa0  Kolbe Assessment \xa0 The Ops Authority Podcast by Natalie Gingrich \xa0 Work Your Inner Wisdom Website \xa0 WYIW Facebook Community \xa0 The Clarity Summit | If you’re feeling burned out and uninspired, perhaps it’s time to take a step back, engage your intuition, and practice some self-care. Intuitive consultant, life coach, and fellow podcaster Avalaura joins me for this episode of the Work Your Inner Wisdom podcast. \xa0 We chat about what it means to practice “Cord Cutting,” a strategy to help you let go of toxic relationships. Avalaura shares her story of intuitive entrepreneurship and how her journey took an unexpected turn. Plus, we will discuss self-care: what it is, what it isn’t, and why it’s important. \xa0 Finally, in the Make it Work Moment, Avalaura shares how owning our “stuff” gives us the power to take back our lives. \xa0 \xa0 LINKS: \xa0 Show notes: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/17/ \xa0 Avalaura’s Website: http://www.avalaura.com\xa0 \xa0 Avalaura, Heal My Life podcast: http://spiritualsage.net/avalaurahealmylife/ \xa0 FREE Wisdom Library: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/free \xa0 Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/community \xa0 Lee’s book, ACT on Your Business: Braving the storms of entrepreneurship and creating success through meaning, mindset, and mindfulness: https://amzn.to/2BpJWRP \xa0 | I always talk about letting your intuition lead. But what happens when our decisions are rooted in intuition, but eventually our actions lead us to a place of fear? It happens, and it happened to me. In this episode, I’ll talk about the 4 Fs that showed up when I experience hardship: fear, force, frenzy, and fatigue. \xa0 Then, I’ll give you four counteractions to combat those fear-based experiences. \xa0 The good news? I don’t believe in failure, and I don’t believe in mistakes. Whatever you’ve been through in the past, it’s teaching you a lesson. So let’s dig in and see what you’ll learn today. \xa0 \xa0 LINKS: \xa0 Show notes:\xa0https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/17/ \xa0 ACT on Your Business:\xa0https://actonyourbusiness.com/ \xa0 The Wisdom Library: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/free \xa0 Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/groups/workyourinnerwisdom/ | This week on Work Your Inner Wisdom, I’m thrilled to welcome intuitive artist Tracy Nuñez. Tracy is a spiritual artist, teacher, and mentor who helps her clients build a bond with their higher power to help them tap into their subconscious mind. \xa0 In this episode, we talk about how spirituality informs art and how her intuition guides her work and her business. Tracy also shares how she uses a unique creative process called “Conscious Collage” to forge a connection with her Higher Power, and provides guidance on how we can do the same. \xa0 \xa0 LINKS: \xa0 Show notes: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/16/ \xa0 Tracy’s website:\xa0www.tracynunez.com \xa0 Tracy’s Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tracynunez4 \xa0 Leslie Lohman Museum for Gay and Lesbian Art:\xa0https://www.leslielohman.org/\xa0 \xa0 ACT on Your Business: https://actonyourbusiness.com/ \xa0 The Wisdom Library: https://workyourinnerwisdom.com/free \xa0 Work Your Inner Wisdom Facebook Community: https://www.facebook.com/groups/workyourinnerwisdom/', 'chan_desc': "Welcome to the Work Your Inner Wisdom podcast! Join Lee Chaix McDonough, a business coach, psychotherapist, mystic, and author, for a deep dive into what it means to be a spiritual entrepreneur.  Every week, Lee explores how to bring your mind, heart, and intuition into alignment so that they work in harmony to support your business and your life. In each episode, you'll learn about the principles of holistic entrepreneurship, allowing you to blend the spiritual with the practical to create a profitable business and a fulfilling life.Because your business isn't just your job. It's your calling.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/f2/f2/bf/f2f2bf49-c29c-b2de-564b-8e6c7e7b43c4/mza_2874713423685162709.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-04-25'}}

{'Stop The Hey Girl Podcast': {'title': 'Stop The Hey Girl Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Stop-The-Hey-Girl-Podcast-id2235445', 'num_comments': 7, 'author': 'Kayla Ybanez', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 38, 'play_count': 417, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.blubrry.com/stoptheheygirl/'], 'ep_total': 9, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:30:17', 0], ['2019-09-24', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-09-17', '--:--:--', 1], ['2019-09-10', '00:37:24', 0], ['2019-09-03', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:46:11', 0], ['2019-08-20', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-08-13', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-08-04', '--:--:--', 4]], 'hover_text_concat': "Entrepreneurship has a way of bringing out ideas and thought patterns that we didn’t realize we were carrying. I’m talking things like feeling isolated, out of your league, or just plain like an imposter. Topsie Vandenbosch is a mindset expert for female entrepreneurs who helps them overcome the blocks that keep them from making BANK in their biz. She joins me today to discuss 5 negative beliefs and mistakes that feed your “Imposter Monster” and prevent you from reaching new levels as an entrepreneur. JOIN BREAK THE RANK NOW! http://bit.ly/breaktherank http://www.instagram.com/topsievandenbosch | Today we're talking about how to deal with having an upline that doesn't support you, doesn't like how you want to build your business or just isn't giving you what you need to excel. Open communication is going to be key. Even if they don't agree that you don't want to cold message doesn't mean that you have to dump them or dump your new happier biz building habits.Connect with Kayla:www.instagram.com/kaylaybanez | Angie Lee is a Marketing & Sales Ninja! She is the creator of SOUL CBD, Pays To Be Brave and the Top 100 Podcast: The Angie Lee Show! We talk about how sales is SO much like dating in the way you need to get to truly know the person before you try to sell them something, and why polarizing content is important for creating a strong tribe of loyal people who LOVE what you stand for! Click on the link below to snag a ticket to Angie's live event: Pays To Be Brave!www.paystobebrave.com | Megan Yelaney is an online business coach who helps her clients scale to 6 figures. She is a launching & client attraction expert and is the host of the Pretty Awkward Entrepreneur Podcast! We talked about imposter syndrome, burning bridges, advice for people who want to start a biz, and the top mistakes biz owners make!\xa0Http://bit.ly/thankyounextmastermind | Corri McFadden is the pioneer of luxury consignment, selling over 1 million items. She now is the powerhouse mom behind the Glitter and Bubbles brand and blog with her adorable daughter Zelda. Glitter and Bubbles is a lifestyle blog about their life in Aspen Colorado.Connect with Corri:www.instagram.com/corrimcfadden www.instagram.com/glitter_and_bubbles www.glitterandbubbles.com | Karrie Brady is a small audience sales expert, creator of Breakout & Bloom, and CEO of the Savvy Sales Agency. Today we are talking all things sales, inviting without sounding like a jerk and also addressing the most common objections you face!Connect with Karrie:www.instagram.com/karriebrady | I know you are super panicked right now. Your Instagram engagement is suffering and you're sitting there wondering what you can do to fix it. Well, girlfriend, what I'm about to tell you may surprise you! | You're frustrated with sending hundreds of messages a day and you know there has to be a better way to invite people to work with you. Let me share some things you can start doing TODAY to get into your audience's DMs without feeling weird about it and without having to spend your whole day messaging random people! | OMG! IT'S HERE! This is the first episode of the Stop The Hey Girl Podcast! I've worked so hard to create this for YOU and give you jam packed episodes with all the golden nuggets of knowledge and REAL TALK about sales, Instagram, and building an online biz! In this episode, I get vulnerable and give you some of my story so you can get to know me better and lay out what to expect in this podcast! From the bottom of my heart, thank you so much for being here!", 'chan_desc': 'Kayla Ybanez is an Instagram and Business strategist for online coaches who want to build their business without using age-old strategies like icky "Hey Girl" cold messages!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/71/e8/f3/71e8f3b8-0c7d-ff26-b6db-d0633c2135cd/mza_7051137645543475279.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-04'}}

{'HR{preneur}': {'title': 'HR{preneur}', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/HR{preneur}-id2013241', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'ADP', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 36, 'play_count': 292, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://HRpreneur.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 20, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-27', '00:09:57', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:08:15', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:09:24', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:07:36', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:07:32', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:10:53', 0], ['2019-07-15', '00:09:58', 0], ['2019-07-01', '00:12:18', 0], ['2019-06-17', '00:15:38', 0], ['2019-06-03', '00:08:11', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'On September 24, 2019 the Department of Labor published final rules that will increase the minimum salary required to be exempt from overtime. Employers have until January 1, 2020 to comply. In this episode, we’ll talk about the new rule, options for compliance, and steps to take now to help you prepare.For more information on this topic please visit us at www.adp.com/flsa\xa0and register for our complimentary webinar,\xa0New Overtime Rules Effective January 1: How to Comply, at www.adp.com/webcasts.\xa0\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode. | With the political climate as heated as it has been, it may be hard for employees to resist the urge to talk about it with co-workers. But when political discussions make their way into the workplace, employers may wonder what impact it’ll have on productivity and morale. In this episode, we’ll talk about the most tactful ways to manage political discussions in the workplace as well as employee rights under the law\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode. | With more employers embracing flexible work arrangements as a means to attract and retain top talent, part-time work is becoming more commonplace. But, it’s important to realize that some laws impact part-time employees differently than full-time employees. In this episode, we’ll talk about the key differences between part-time and full-time workers and what this means for you.\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode. | This time of year can be chaotic. Between back-to-school nights, parent-teacher conferences, and other school functions, working parents often struggle to balance work and personal responsibilities. In this episode, we’ll talk about how you can help support your employees when school activities take over.\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode. | Hiring or promoting relatives can bring certain advantages. But the potential for favoritism toward a family member, whether real or perceived, can have a negative impact on morale. In this episode, we’ll talk about how employers can help prevent nepotism in the workplace.\xa0\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode. | As a business owner, there’s never a shortage of people ready to offer their advice on how to run your business. But not all advice is good. In this episode, we’ll talk about advice on hiring, management, and other HR issues that makes us cringe.\xa0\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode. | The hiring process can be long and costly, which is why some employers are turning to data-driven algorithms that promise to deliver qualified candidates in a fraction of the time, all while eliminating human bias. But what if these algorithms inadvertently reinforce discrimination? In this episode, we’ll talk about how to tackle biases in the hiring process.\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode.\xa0 | For some employers, there’s that one employee who’s always negative, frustrates co-workers, and makes work life challenging. In this episode, we’ll talk about how you can diffuse the damage difficult employees inflict on everyone else around them.\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode. | As the title sponsor of the Future Workplace track at South by Southwest, ADP hosted panels and keynotes that explored trending topics like work-life balance, co-working, the future of work, and diversity and inclusion. In this episode, Brian Michaud, Senior Vice President of ADP TotalSource, and Casey Slater, Program Director of the Future of Workplace at South by Southwest, recap the trends discussed during this five day event.\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode. | If you have a dispersed team you may have productivity concerns and wonder which state laws apply. In this episode, we’ll talk about how to effectively manage remote workers.\xa0\xa0Copyright © 2019 ADP, LLC. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, reproduced, modified, sold or used without the written permission of ADP. The information is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty, is based on generally accepted HR practices and is advisory in nature. This content is provided with the understanding that neither the presenters nor the writers are rendering legal advice or other professional services. Employers are encouraged to consult with legal counsel for advice regarding their organization\'s compliance with applicable laws. This material is current as of the date of this episode.', 'chan_desc': "HR{preneur}, a podcast by ADP's Small Business Services, is designed to help you get the insight you need in order to tackle day-to-day workplace issues. In each episode, we'll speak with industry experts about the latest in HR, such as the #MeToo movement, evolving marijuana laws, and more. Each episode will be between 10 and 15 minutes long but full of practical advice.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/b1/ec/b5/b1ecb50c-7b19-6fb8-6000-fd0f3498c7c3/mza_4565590244803397787.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-02-01'}}

{'Green Industry Podcast': {'title': 'Green Industry Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Green-Industry-Podcast-id1453579', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Paul Jamison', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 37, 'play_count': 695, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://greenindustrypodcast.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 61, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:31:34', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:27:53', 0], ['2019-09-22', '00:30:03', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:35:12', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:28:29', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:27:28', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:30:47', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:25:07', 0], ['2019-08-25', '00:26:16', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:19:14', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Naylor Taliaferro, aka, the Lawn Care Rookie stops by the studio to share about the GIE Rally. The GIE Rally is an annual gathering in the lawn care community at the GIE EXPO. Naylor shares how it all started and what he is doing to continue the momentum in the lawn care community and industry.\xa0 \xa0 TRY JOBBER | Green Industry Podcast host Paul Jamison shares his mindset heading into this years fourth quarter. Paul shares how he sets and accomplishes goals year round, and specifically in the forth quarter. Paul Jamison is the owner of Jamison Management Group, a lawn care and landscaping company in Duluth, Georgia.\xa0 \xa0 Try Jobber! | There are so many awesome opportunities to market our small businesses. Whether you operate a lawn care, landscaping, irrigation, or hardscaping company marketing is vital. Green Industry Podcast host Paul Jamison shares an overview of Marketing and of the importance of word of mouth referrals.\xa0 \xa0 Try Jobber Today! | Green Industry Podcast host Paul Jamison shares some insights into how being diligent in the details can enhance our life and businesses. Paul Jamison is the owner of a lawn care and landscape company in Atlanta, GA.\xa0 \xa0 Jobber Free Trail | IMPACT LIVE was an event hosted by Dirt Monkey and Jobber here in Atlanta, Georgia. The speakers were Stanley Genadek, Keith Kalfas, Phil Sarros, Kali Taylor, Graham Audenhart, David Nelson, and Kathleen Edelman. Paul Jamison shares some of his takeaways after attending Impact Live and learning how to become more profitable in running our small businesses.\xa0 | Bob Mann from the National Association of Landscape Professionals joins the Green Industry Podcast. Bob shares his history in the lawn care industry and what he has learned along the way. Bob also shares the upcoming about the GIE EXPO and other opportunities to consider if interested in growing our businesses.\xa0 | Keith Kalfas from the Landscape Employee Trap and his wife Ashley join Paul Jamison live in Atlanta. They all attended the Go IMPACT Live Event hosted by Dirt Monkey and Jobber. After the event Keith, Ashley, and Paul enjoyed some conversation on the studio. This is Part 3 of 3 of that conversation as they chatted about food, coffee, and the community.\xa0 | Keith and Ashley Kalfas sit down with Paul Jamison in Atlanta. Keith and Ashley share about their businesses and what dreams drive them for the future. Keith Kalfas is a landscape business owner and also has a large and growing social media following. \xa0 Get 20% Off Jobber | Keith Kalfas is a landscape and window professional in Michigan. Keith and His wife Ashley were in Atlanta for the Jobber and Dirt Monkey Impact Live Event and joined Paul Jamison live in studio. In this first part of a three part series Keith and Ashley vulnerably share about the beginning days of their marriage and business. \xa020% off Jobber | The GIE+EXPO is the largest trade show in the Green Industry. This is an annual gathering of landscapers, lawn care, arborist, hardscapers, irrigation, and fertilization professionals and product distributors. This trade show is a great time with many opportunities. Paul Jamison shares some of his thoughts how to prepare and make the most of the GIE experience.\xa0 20% off Jobber', 'chan_desc': "The Green Industry Podcast exists to help lawn care and landscaping professionals to lead successful business and live purposeful lives. The host of the podcast is Paul Jamison who is the owner of Jamison Management Group which is a landscape and lawn care company in Atlanta, Georgia. Paul's vision for the show is to bring insights, motivation, and inspiration to other lawn care and landscape professionals.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e4/51/e5/e451e578-6db8-844a-f9d2-66a9cb83205d/mza_7951332387473456233.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-10-06'}}

{'All The Things': {'title': 'All The Things', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/All-The-Things-id2276376', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Rae Lloyd', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 7, 'play_count': 86, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://raelloyd.wixsite.com/mysite'], 'ep_total': 8, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-28', '00:16:51', 0], ['2019-09-22', '00:17:54', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:18:38', 0], ['2019-09-07', '00:13:23', 1], ['2019-08-31', '00:25:25', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:17:05', 0], ['2019-08-18', '00:21:35', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:10:38', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Learn how to have grit in your life and have passion about your dream and goals! Actionable steps to finish off the year strong! | Learn why trying to stay motivated is hurting you and how to actually find success in health, life and business by changing one thing! | Corey Baker, author of Chasing Better, fellow health coach, father and husband breaks down why life seems so expensive, the mindset that you need to have when it comes to making money and tips on how to change your stars | Learn how to confidently bring in a steady stream of clients and build your business without “selling” people | Why being an entrepreneur can be so much more rewarding than building up someone else’s dream. Learn about the 25 cent raise that caused me to quit my job and more ! | Learn how to create a habit in any area of your life so that you can create structure in health, business and life! | Winning at your goals is going to take commitment and focus. But quitting will never speed up that process. In this episode you will learn how to be a contender instead of a quitter | Learn how to sell anything with grace, professionalism and without fear !', 'chan_desc': 'Life, health and business tips from Rae; mom of 3, wife, entrepreneur, health coach, salon owner, writer, Instagram curator and badass', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/e2/2a/1e/e22a1e4a-870b-16f6-a837-0be50fd93d7f/mza_8087621750057572757.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-06'}}

{'Beauty, Brains & Business': {'title': 'Beauty, Brains & Business', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Beauty%2C-Brains-%26-Business-id1040314', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Dr. Carey Yazeed', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 101, 'play_count': 862, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com'], 'ep_total': 102, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:26:01', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:31:09', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:31:20', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:27:21', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:35:02', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:21:33', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:15:01', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:30:06', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:25:01', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:23:13', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'This week on Beauty, Brains and Business, Dr. Carey Yazeed is sharing a recent case study of a beauty mogul out of New Orleans who has found herself faced with a $2.3 million dollar lawsuit, which results from her usage of social media. \xa0Learn what not to do on social media so you won\'t be facing a lawsuit or have your page removed, and how to effective grow and evolve as a business owner on social media platforms.\xa0 There are a few tickets left for Power Moves on Oct. 12th. \xa0To learn more and reserve your seat, visit www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0 | In Part IV of the series, What I Wish I Knew Before Becoming an Entrepreneur, Dr. Carey Yazeed talks about self motivation and investing in your business. \xa0This is the last episode of this series.\xa0 The 4th Quarter Challenge starts on October 1st. \xa0Visit www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0and download your FREE copy of the Monetize Your Business Cheat Sheet and join our email list so you\'ll receive the notification when the challenge goes live!\xa0 | This week on Beauty, Brains and Business former Football Wives reality star, Dr. Chanita Foster joins Dr. Carey Yazeed in the studio to discuss her philanthropy work and international business on the continent of Africa and her new book, "Girl I\'m Not Tripping, I\'m Depressed." \xa0 The winner of the Business Boot Camp contest is Aimee French of Aimee French Waxing in Honolulu, Hawaii. \xa0 Business Boot Camp registration ends Friday, Sept. 27th. To learn more and reserve your seat visit www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com | In Part III of the series, What I Wish I Knew Before Becoming an Entrepreneur, Dr. Carey Yazeed talks about building an email list and moving conversations away from social media and networking at events and volunteering to speak to help build leads for your business. \xa0 In celebration of the 100th episode of Beauty, Brains & Business and our 2 yr anniversary, don\'t forget to leave a review on Apple Podcast by Saturday, Sept. 21st so your name can be entered into a drawing to participate in Business Boot Camp for FREE!\xa0 Early bird registration for business boot camp ends Monday, Sept. 23. \xa0To learn more and save $100 on your registration visit https://www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0 | This week on Beauty, Brains and Business, Success Coach Stefanie Gass joins Dr. Carey Yazeed in the studio and they are discussing success and the many downfalls Stefanie experienced before climbing back on top. \xa0You can download and listen on Apple Podcast, iHeart Radio or Spotify.\xa0 To learn more about Stefanie visit\xa0https://www.stefaniegass.com To have you name entered into a drawing for a chance to participate in the business boot camp, leave a review on Apple Podcast between Sept. 18th - Sept. 23rd. \xa0The winner will be announced on air next Wednesday.\xa0 To learn more about the business boot camp, visit https://www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0 And don\'t forget to check out our show sponsor, Beyond Soaps. Louisiana made and not tested on animals, to visit their online store go to\xa0https://www.etsy.com/shop/BeyondSoaps | In the second part of this four part series of what Dr. Carey Yazeed wishes she knew before becoming an entrepreneur, she shares about having low self confidence and not having a plan for her earlier businesses and how both costs her dearly. The last day to register for Power Moves is this Sunday, Sept. 15th. \xa0To learn more visit www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com \xa0 | This week on Beauty, Brains and Business, Dr. Carey Yazeed is discussing how holding on to old things can keep us from doing new things as entrepreneurs. \xa0What are you holding on to that is preventing you from becoming the entrepreneur God has ordained you to be?\xa0 The last day to register for Power Moves is September 15th. \xa0There are only 12 seats left. \xa0To learn more and reserve your seat visit, https://www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | For the month of September, Dr. Carey Yazeed will be doing a series titled: What I Wish I Knew Before Becoming an Entrepreneur. \xa0Each Friday she will be sharing tips and personal confessions of what she wish she knew during her entrepreneurial journey. \xa0So don\'t forget to tune in!\xa0 Today is the last day to register your business for the Beauty, Brains and Business Virtual Directory for Female Entrepreneurs. \xa0To learn more visit https://www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0 If today\'s show impacted you and you\'d like to figure out what is your purpose; what God has called you to do when it comes to being a business owner, check out the course, Purpose + Passion = Profits. Visit https://www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0to sign up today.\xa0 | This week on Beauty, Brains and Business, Lindsey Walker joins Dr. Carey Yazeed in the studio to discuss the common mistakes that entrepreneurs make when pitching the media. \xa0Walker is the CEO of Walker and Associates Media Group. \xa0To learn more about Walker, visit\xa0http://walkerassocmediagroup.com.\xa0 There are only 12 seats left for Power Moves, happening Oct. 12th. \xa0To secure your place visit https://www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0 Don\'t forget to support today\'s show sponsor Beyond Soaps. \xa0Shop now at www.etsy.com/shop/BeyondSoaps To learn more about becoming a patron of the show visit https://www.patreon.com/beautybrainsandbusiness.com\xa0 | In this bonus episode, Dr. Carey Yazeed is discussing some of the changes that will be taking place within the Beauty, Brains and Business community and what listeners can expect in the coming months. \xa0 Don\'t forget to check out the podcast Patreon account https://www.patreon.com/beautybrainsandbusiness and if God blesses your heart to give, it will be greatly appreciated! If you are interested in working with Dr. Yazeed to build, grow or leverage your business, consider signing up for The Beauty, Brains and Business Network or attending Power Moves on Oct. 12th. \xa0More information about both can be found over at https://www.thebeautybrainsandbusiness.com \xa0 \xa0', 'chan_desc': "Beauty, Brains and Business is a weekly podcast that focuses on the female entrepreneur.  Whether you are just starting out, trying to grow your side hustle, or learning how to leverage your current business, this podcast will provide you with information and resources that are needed to run a successful business and start living the lifestyle you've always dreamed of.  Hosted by Dr. Carey Yazeed.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/ac/55/a6/ac55a65d-36a1-07f8-9467-e1b25c81c0c5/mza_2718799096478927124.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-09-05'}}

{'Badass is the new black': {'title': 'Badass is the new black', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Badass-is-the-new-black-id2368758', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'The Krissy Chin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 9, 'play_count': 20, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.thekrissychin.com'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:47:33', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:25:56', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:14:25', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:12:30', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:13:13', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:11:43', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this episode, I chat all things YouTube with 7-Figure online entrepreneur Graham Cochrane. \xa0Graham is the creator of the Recording Revolution a once no named blog turned 7-Figure business.\xa0We chat how he used YouTube to start & grow his audience & how he still uses YouTube today for his new online business where he teaches people how to do what he did online that got him to where he is today.\xa0He shares how you can leverage YouTube to grow your business & tips to get you started today! You will want to tune in to this one!P.S.Grab my FREE Gift that is just for you! It\'s "My SIMPLE 5 step process to creating a killer email list that converts to sales," and it is ready for you NOW. Hop over to my website and download your gift HERE! | In this episode, I share exactly how I built my 7-figure online business. I break down the process so that you can apply the same concept to your business.If you,struggle to find customersworry about being pushy and want to learn how to get people\'s attention without being salesywant to learn how to get in front of your customer and STAY in front of them so you are there when they are ready to buyTHIS episode is for you!You will be shocked to find out how simple it really is and how you can do the same for your business!!P.S.\xa0Grab my FREE Gift that is just for you! It\'s "My SIMPLE 5 step process to creating a killer email list that converts to sales," and it is ready for you NOW. Hop over to my website and download your gift HERE! | Feeling a little unmotivated lately? Been making excuses on why you can\'t get started? I have three tips to help you get started (or re-started) in your business and a specific action plan to help you finally get unstuck! And guess what, you can apply these action steps to everyday life, too! | Ever think, "Well they had a million dollar idea! Why didn\'t I think of that?" \xa0In this episode I\'ll share one major secret that is key to creating your very own million dollar idea.\xa0 | You can\'t find success in life or business without a little discovery of where you are lacking. It\'s time to discover your strengths and your weakness and let them BOTH propel you forward.\xa0 | Discover what Badass is the new black is all about and how you can generate success in your life and business. Beware: This episode contains a curse word. But only one, I promise.\xa0', 'chan_desc': 'After hitting six figures four months after the launch of one of her businesses and seven figures just sixteen months later, Krissy knew she had to bring her knowledge for online business and marketing to the podcasting world. On this podcast she inspires other business owners, like yourself, to step it up, discover and embrace who you really are, and teaches skills and strategies so you can create success in both life and business in your own badass way.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/2f/6e/09/2f6e097b-1a21-3498-bb75-c56e683cb139/mza_7927382861158929089.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-30'}}

{'Tuesday Morning Coffee': {'title': 'Tuesday Morning Coffee', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Tuesday-Morning-Coffee-id2379241', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Babin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 5, 'play_count': 32, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://anchor.fm/babin'], 'ep_total': 5, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:47:03', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:48:47', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:53:09', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:42:09', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:44:23', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "On today's episode of the podcast I was able to sit down with Matt Komo a filmmaker and director based out of Los Angeles, California. \xa0Matt and I have crossed paths a few times over the last couple years but this was the first time we were really able to chat so I'm excited for you guys to listen in.On this episode we chatted about how Matt got his start working GoPro then leaving that job to follow bigger dreams. Now he’s working with clients like Michael Kors and Google. He’s traveled all over the world with artists like The Chain Smokers and Zedd.\xa0Hope you guys dig this episode, I think there’s a lot of great knowledge and insight Matt passes along. This is Tuesday Morning Coffee with Matt Komo.Follow Matt Here:https://www.instagram.com/mattkomo/https://www.youtube.com/user/MatthewKomorousFollow Babin:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq-Pc6PNuZIj7nNU39TBsvAhttps://www.instagram.com/babin/ | Today we're solo for Tuesday Morning Coffee and I'm answering your questions on content creation and life. I'm excited to sit down and go deep on different questions that you guys have been asking recently. If I didn't get into your question feel free to hit me up on instagram @babin or email me at Workwithbabin@gmail.com\xa0Bobbys Podcast : http://www.purposeintheyouth.com/Follow me: https://www.instagram.com/babin/?hl=enhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq-Pc6PNuZIj7nNU39TBsvA | Octavia Bromell is a illustrator based in the UK, she's also a fellow Adobe Creative Resident and become a great friend. We jumped on a call this week and went deep on how we both got out chance at the Creative Residency, finding our creative style, and dealing with the pressure to create when your passion becomes your job. Excited for you guys to take a listen. This is Tuesday Morning Coffee with Octavia Bromell.Follow Octavia Herehttps://www.instagram.com/tinkoutsidethebox/?hl=enhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/tinkillustrationFollow Babinhttps://www.instagram.com/babin/?hl=enhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB56DrcWucY&feature=youtu.be | Sitting down in NYC with Adrian Solgaard, CEO and Founder of Solgaard. \xa0We talked about his journey of buliding a success company, successfully funding 5 kickstarter campaigns, and creating a product that landed on the cover of time magazine as one of the top products of the year. We also went on a countless number of tangents as it normally happens when Adrian and I get together, but regardless we have a ton of hidden nuggest in this episode and hope you guys dig it. This is Tuesday Morning Coffee With Adrian Adrian Solgaard.Follow Adrian Here:https://www.instagram.com/AdrianSolgaard/https://www.instagram.com/solgaard/https://solgaard.co/Follow Babin\xa0https://www.instagram.com/Babin/https://www.youtube.com/user/SalvageFilms | I'm so excited to present to you the first episode of Tuesday Morning Coffee, a podcast where I’ll be sitting down to have conversations with creatives, influencers and entrepreneurs about the intersection of life and creativity.Today we talk with Brandon Bryant aka @Wallstreetpaper on Instagram, about the meteoric growth he's experienced over the last few years. Brandon started in investment banking, moved on to create his own fashion blog, creative agency and now also invests in early stage start ups with Harlem Capital, a $25M VC fund. We talk about what it takes to develop your own secret sauce, and that you get exactly what you deserve in the world of content and entrepreneurship. This is Tuesday Morning Coffee.Tyler Babin: https://instagram.com/babin/Brandon Bryant: https://www.instagram.com/wallstreetpaper/https://wallstreetpaper.co/about", 'chan_desc': 'Conversations with creatives, influencers and entrepreneurs about the intersection of life and creativity presented by Tyler Babin', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/af/72/32/af723228-46cf-eef8-19dc-33434484fc31/mza_1214800927853719518.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-03'}}

{'In Good Hands': {'title': 'In Good Hands', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/In-Good-Hands-id2270633', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Peter Levin', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1, 'play_count': 2, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.ingoodhands.us/episodes/'], 'ep_total': 8, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:28:12', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:36:06', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:26:28', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:28:25', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:27:14', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:52:18', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:44:55', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:02:12', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'The global toothpaste market is huge. In 2018, it was valued at $26 billion and is expected to reach $36 billion by 2024. Unfortunately, it also comes with an enormous cost.More than one billion toothpaste tubes end up in landfills and oceans every year. That’s equivalent to fifty Empire State Buildings — every. single. year.Enter Lindsay McCormick and her company, Bite - the world\'s most sustainable oral care company on a mission to eliminate single-use plastics, one smile at a time.*This episode is brought to you by Bite Toothpaste Bits, the all-natural, plastic-free, chewable toothpaste tablet. If you’re looking for an easy way to cut single-use plastic from your life, go to BiteToothPasteBits.com and use code INGOODHANDS for $5 off their flagship 4-month subscription (incl. free shipping)! | We\'ve seen the headlines. "Plastics expected to outweigh fish in the ocean by 2050." "Marine life are choking on plastic." "Microplastics found in our food, water, and getting into our bodies."But plastic isn\'t the true enemy. Products designed for a *single use* are the root problem. It’s why most things we buy become waste in the first place and end up in landfills, our oceans, and our soil.Enter Tom Szaky and his company Terracycle, the new-age waste management company recycling the non-recyclable and solving our single-use crisis.*This episode is brought to you by Bite Toothpaste Bits, the world\'s first, 100% plastic-free toothpaste tablet. If you’re looking for an easy way to cut single-use plastic from your life, go to BiteToothpasteBits.com and use code INGOODHANDS for $5 off their flagship 4-month subscription, incl. free shipping! | A significant portion of all food grown ends up in a landfill. It’s a problem the UN says costs the world ~$2.6 trillion each year, much of which stems from produce going bad before it’s consumed. Spoilage is also the reason why millions of people around the world go hungry — without cold storage infrastructure, the produce can’t stay fresh long enough while it’s being transported to rural areas.Enter Apeel Sciences, the company who’s developed a plant-derived, edible coating that can keep produce from going bad for weeks longer than usual, even without refrigeration.*This episode is brought to you by Bite Toothpaste Bits, the world\'s first, 100% plastic-free toothpaste tablet. If you’re looking for an easy way to cut single-use plastic from your life, go to BiteToothpasteBits.com and use code INGOODHANDS for $5 off their flagship 4-month subscription, incl. free shipping! | A third of the world\'s food goes to waste, in large part because grocery stores refuse to put "ugly" produce on their shelves. “Onions that are too small, potatoes that are shaped like your favorite celebrity, and carrots that fell in love and got twisted together.” By some estimates, this amounts to nearly $1 trillion of annual waste and the emission of ~8% of all human-caused greenhouse gases. At the same time, millions of people go hungry every day.Enter Abhi Ramesh and his company Misfits Market, the online grocery store selling sometimes funny-looking, always delicious produce, designed to break the cycle of food waste.*This episode is brought to you by Bite Toothpaste Bits, the world\'s first, 100% plastic-free toothpaste tablet. If you’re looking for an easy way to cut single-use plastic from your life, go to BiteToothpasteBits.com and use code INGOODHANDS for $5 off their flagship 4-month subscription, incl. free shipping! | Palm oil is everywhere. It’s in our food, clothes, shampoo, and even the fuel that powers our cars. But this $61 billion industry has drastic environmental and societal costs: up to 300 football fields of rainforest are cleared every HOUR to make room for palm oil plantations -- releasing CO2 into the atmosphere and destroying entire ecosystems along the way.Enter Shara Ticku and her company C16 Biosciences, the Y-Combinator-backed startup creating the world’s first synthetic palm oil alternative.*This episode is brought to you by Bite Toothpaste Bits, the world\'s first, 100% plastic-free toothpaste tablet. If you’re looking for an easy way to cut single-use plastic from your life, go to BiteToothpasteBits.com and use code INGOODHANDS for $5 off their flagship 4-month subscription, incl. free shipping! | Our cities are at the mercy of an industrial food system that ships in high-calorie, low-nutrient, processed food from thousands of miles away. It’s destroying our health and the very planet on which it relies.Enter Tobias Peggs and his company Square Roots, the urban farming pioneer on a mission to reinvent the farm and how we feed the world.*This episode is brought to you by Bite Toothpaste Bits, the world\'s first, 100% plastic-free toothpaste tablet. If you’re looking for an easy way to cut single-use plastic from your life, go to BiteToothpasteBits.com and use code INGOODHANDS for $5 off their flagship 4-month subscription, incl. free shipping! | Plastic was meant to last forever, but most is only used once. 14 billion pounds of our trash is dumped into the ocean each year and it’s breaking down into tiny pieces of plastic that’s showing up in our food and water supply.Enter Sarah Paiji Yoo and her latest venture Blueland, a new type of CPG company taking on the global plastic problem.*This episode is brought to you by Bite Toothpaste Bits, the world’s first, 100% plastic-free toothpaste tablet. If you’re looking for an easy way to cut single-use plastic from your life, go to BiteToothpasteBits.com and use code INGOODHANDS for $5 off their flagship 4-month subscription, incl. free shipping! | When you hear the phrase “climate change” what comes to mind? Just last week, the UN published a report indicating the world’s food supply is in imminent danger due to climate change. And it seems like every day there’s a new headline about a future like this.So what can we do about it?', 'chan_desc': 'A show about the businesses and founders taking on the climate problem set.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/c5/3e/bf/c53ebf00-7232-a7e7-cc40-af184e30b51c/mza_6973081291793774894.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-20'}}

{'The Side Gig Central Podcast': {'title': 'The Side Gig Central Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Side-Gig-Central-Podcast-id2376575', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Elena Ciccotelli', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 2, 'ch_feed-socials': [], 'ep_total': 5, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:30:16', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:26:52', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:26:36', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:32:27', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:26:44', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Thank you to our sponsor for today's episode: driveitaway.com, the only rental car company built around rideshare drivers so that you can rent to own your vehicle.\xa0For more tips and tricks on how to manage your side gig, let's hang out on social!instagram.com/sidegig_central_podcastyoutube.com/c/ElenaCiccotellifacebook.com/sidegigcentral.elena | SIDE GIG CENTRAL INSTAGRAMSID GIG CENTRAL YOUTUBESIDE GIG CENTRAL SHOWNOTES\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 | SIDE GIG CENTRAL INSTAGRAMSID GIG CENTRAL YOUTUBESIDE GIG CENTRAL SHOWNOTES\xa0\xa0 | SIDE GIG CENTRAL INSTAGRAMSID GIG CENTRAL YOUTUBESIDE GIG CENTRAL SHOWNOTES\xa0 | SIDE GIG CENTRAL INSTAGRAMSID GIG CENTRAL YOUTUBESIDE GIG CENTRAL SHOWNOTES\xa0\xa0", 'chan_desc': 'Do you have a side gig that’s constantly stressing you out? Are you struggling to make your side gig profitable? Have you ever wondered what it’s like to start a side gig? These are some of the big questions that small business owner and side gig hustler, Elena Ciccotelli, tackles during each episode of the Side Gig Central podcast.Whether you’ve been your own boss for awhile now or you’re thinking about dipping your toe into side gig territory, just press play to hear Elena and her guests address your most pressing and complex questions as they share actionable strategies to help you win big with your side gig. Listen in on honest conversations from the experts and get your questions answered on topics like rideshare, money management, creative side gigs and passive income streams.Elena’s specialty is that she’s in the trenches everyday, doing the work, right alongside you. Which is why each episode is designed to help you take immediate action on the most important strategies that will help you start and sustain a successful side gig.Thinking about how to achieve financial independence? Want to plug into a side gig just by using your smartphone and some WiFi? Is your current 9-5 undervaluing your talents? Need help managing your time to be more productive and profitable? Discover why thousands of side gig entrepreneurs have turned to Elena to help them generate more side income, make sense of the gig economy boom and how to turn a side hustle into cash.Ready to start or uplevel your side gig? You’re in the right place!Have a question or topic you’d like to see covered on the show? Go to sidegigcentral.com/contact', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/09/a5/d3/09a5d3c8-b01d-b6b4-869f-89e6a8790df8/mza_456912652890480273.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-16'}}

{'Tech Money Talks The #1 Dropshipping Podcast With E-commerce Professional Dropshipper Brian McCumber': {'title': 'Tech Money Talks The #1 Dropshipping Podcast With E-commerce Professional Dropshipper Brian McCumber', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Tech-Money-Talks-The-1-Dropshipping-Podcast-With-E-commerce-Professional-Dropshipper-Brian-McCumber-id2045725', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Brian McCumber @techmoneytalks', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 208, 'play_count': 1929, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks', 'https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks', 'https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks', 'https://techmoneytalks.com/'], 'ep_total': 79, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:57:50', 0], ['2019-09-30', '01:07:20', 0], ['2019-09-29', '00:47:47', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:32:15', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:54:25', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:50:38', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:46:30', 1], ['2019-09-04', '00:58:36', 1], ['2019-08-28', '00:50:18', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:55:46', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "🔥 We have Anthony Agyeman as a Special Guest on the Show.Anthony s a 7 Figure Producer in Dropshipping and is a rising start in ecom.He went from being busted for Selling Cannabis to Discovering a Legit Business Model in Dropshipping and has been Crushing It Ever SinceAnthony has an amazing story and is a brother that's been keeping it REAL, he's been keeping it REAL the whole time.Anthony has been absolutely killing it in ecommerce already and it feels like it's just the beginning for him.He launching successful ecom stores and selling success ecom stores to those looking to get into Dropshipping.He has a really cool vibe and persona.👍 SHOUT-OUT:🔴 FOLLOW ANTHONY AGYEMAN:Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/onlinemoney/Website: https://www.wealthycollegekid.comPodcast: Wealthy College Kid: Class Chronicleshttps://open.spotify.com/show/1tScUyQ3JkZXoxOh3nWEwDLinked Inhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/wealthycollegekid/🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.comChicago E-Commerce Events: https://www.meetup.com/DropshipChicago🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#anthonyagyemen #onlinemoney--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | 🔥Kevin turned $3k into $20 Million Dollars in sales during his first year in E-commerce and Dropshipping.Kevin is prepared to invest $200K this year to empower aspiring entrepreneurs.Kevin is the founder of Generation E and now provides high quality E-Commerce education for free.Kevin is an expert at building infrastructure and scaling at a rapid pace.👍 SHOUT-OUT:1871 in Chicagohttps://1871.com/https://public.1871.com/event/E6171016101Dropship Chicago\xa0https://www.meetup.com/DropshipChicago/E-Commerce Mastermind Panel in Chicago October 1sthttp://bit.ly/2mvvB1s🔴 FOLLOW Kevin Zhang:Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/kevinzhangofficial/Website: https://www.kevinzhang.com🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#kevinzhang #dropshipchicago--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | 💎Sean Mike Kelly has been absolutely killing it in e-commerce by creating custom jerseys for many celebrities, professional athletes, and public figures.His products have been repped by awesome people like Mark Cuban, Klay Thompson, Russell Westbrook, Dwayne Wade, Logic, 2 Chainz, 21 Savage, and Lil Yachty, and many others...Sean has an awesome presence on Instagram been featured in Inc. Magazine, Forbes, Entrepreneur Magazine, Huffington Post, and is a Mastermind of Personal Branding and Influencer Marketing.👍 SHOUT-OUT:Christianna Hurthttps://www.instagram.com/christiannahurt/Justin Wollhttps://www.instagram.com/justinwoll/Jordan Welchhttps://www.instagram.com/jrdn.w/1871 in Chicagohttps://1871.com/https://public.1871.com/event/E6171016101Dropship Chicago\xa0https://www.meetup.com/DropshipChicago/E-Commerce Mastermind Panel in Chicago October 1sthttp://bit.ly/2mvvB1s🔴 FOLLOW SEAN MIKE KELLY:Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/seanmikekelly/Website: http://www.seanmikekelly.com/Store: https://jerseychamp.com/🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#christiannahurt #seanmikekelly #delicious--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | 🔥 We have Christianna Hurt as a Special Guest on the Show.For those of us in ecom you should know who she is, because Christianna is one of the fastest growing female ecommerce professionals out there right now.If you don't know who she is, then you're missing out big-time, because Christianna is a multi million dollar e-commerce producer, working with dropshipping and other forms of online business and \xa0She is becoming a major influencer in this space.Christianna has been absolutely killing it online while inspiring and helping thousands of people with her digital education platform called Wealthy College Kid.She has a badass presence on Instagram and has shared the stage with killer e-commerce professionals at major ecom events.Before my eyes she's been been blowing up and is quickly becoming an internet personality, all while being one of the most transparent ecom professionals on the internet right now. \xa0👍 SHOUT-OUT:Work With Wealthy College Kidhttps://www.workwithwealthycollegekid.comDigital Growth Summit by Anthony Mastellone👉 https://www.instagram.com/digitalgrowthsummitnyc/👉 https://www.dgsevent.com/Anthony Mastellonehttps://www.instagram.com/tonymvst/Sean Mike Kellyhttps://www.instagram.com/seanmikekelly/Delicious OG Name👉 https://www.instagram.com/delicious/🔴 FOLLOW CHRISTIANNA HURT:YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCA3LlHrf12jCvKtXbLOGWWgInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/christiannahurt/Website: https://www.wealthycollegekid.comPodcast: Wealthy College Kid: Class Chronicleshttps://open.spotify.com/show/1tScUyQ3JkZXoxOh3nWEwDLinked In: https://www.linkedin.com/in/wealthycollegekid/🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#christiannahurt #seanmikekelly #wealthycollegekid #delicious--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | 🔥 We have Ryan Melnick as a Special Guest on the Show.For those of us in ecom, you should know who he is because Ryan has become one of the top 1% millenial entrepreneurs and his journey to get to this point is so inspiring.If you don't know who he is, then you're missing out big-time, because Ryan has Mad skills in Digital Marketing and is becoming a major influencer in this space.Ryan has been absolutely killing it, producing millions in ecommerce and successfully teaching others how to do the same.He has an fast growing presence on Youtube delivering value weekly.👍 SHOUT-OUT:FREE GIVEAWAYS EVERY TUESDAY\xa0https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtM4TfdcYpqbJm6MJnrpw5A/featuredDropshipping Perfection 2.0https://dropshippingperfection.com/start🔴 FOLLOW RYAN MELNICK:Youtubehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtM4TfdcYpqbJm6MJnrpw5A/featuredInstagram\xa0https://www.instagram.com/ryan.melnick/🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#ryanmelnick #dropshippingperfection--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | 🔥 Today we have Linda Andrade as a Special Guest on the Show.For those of us in ecom, you should know who she is, because Linda is known as the Fat Freezing Queen, a Shopify Expert With Her Million Dollar Business called Flip Your Look.If you don't know who he is, then you're in for a treat, because Linda is also married to Ricky Andrade and\xa0they are like the Beyonce&Jay-Z of ecomLinda has been absolutely killing it in ecommerce and is a great source of inspiration and setting an example, encouraging more women into e-commerce.She's a Published Writer and has been FeJatured on publications, such as Entrepreneur, Yahoo, Mogul, and Thrive.We are also surprised to have Linda's Husband Ricky join us for the Podcast, making this a very special episode!👍 SHOUT-OUT:FLIP YOUR LOOK website: https://www.flipyourlook.com/Market Masters Academy website: https://www.marketmastersacademy.com🔴 FOLLOW LINDA ANDRADE:Linda on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/lionlindaa/🔴 FOLLOW RICKY ANDRADE:Ricky on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/riskyricky/🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#lindaandrade #rickyandrade #flipyourlook\xa0--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | 🔥 Today we have Jordan Welch as a Special Guest on the Show.For those of us in ecom, you should know who he is because Jordan is a 7 Figure Professional Dropshipper and Founder of Viral Vault, which is a one stop shop for discovering and launching winning products.If you don't know who he is, then you're missing out big-time, because Jordan is quickly becoming a major influencer in this space.Jordan has been absolutely killing it in ecommerce and is also the Organizer of The Underground Earners Event.They recently just had, and I'd Say THE Major Dropshpping Event of the Year, in Beverly Hills, with absolute ecom killas that were taking the stage. \xa0I know, because A good number of them were previous Featured Guests on Tech Money Talks and others are Future Guests On the Show.👍 SHOUT-OUT:Book Recommendations:The Obstacle Is The Way by Ryan Holidayhttps://amzn.to/2LIHIkJEgo Is The Enemy by Ryan Holidayhttps://amzn.to/2LqCrzlThe Underground Earners Event\xa0https://undergroundearners.comTry Viral Vaulthttps://www.tryviralvault.com/freetrial🔴 FOLLOW JORDAN WELCH:Jordan Welch on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/jrdn.w/🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#jordanwelch #undergroundearners #viralvault--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | 🔥 We are fortunate to have Otis Coleman (Also Known As The Ecom Wizard) as a Special Guest on the Show.For those of us in ecom you should know who he is, because Otis is a 7 Figure Dropshiping Professional and his success in dropshiping so inspiring.If you don't know who he is, then you're missing out big-time, because Otis is helping tens of thousands of people finding winning products sharing his recommendations on YouTube and is becoming a major influencer in this space.Otis has been absolutely killing it in ecommerce and if you didn't know, is the Brother of Harry Coleman (The Beast of Ecom) Professional Dropshipper that is killing it as well and was also a previous guest on Tech Money Talks.Otis has a growing presence on YouTube, delivering value weekly, while continuing to run his own e-commerce business.Otis also shared the stage with other killas in ecom at The Underground Earners Event in Beveryly Hills, which was the major dropshipping of the year.✍ SHOW NOTES:Finding Winning Productse-Sniper: https://e-sniper.com/Turbo Ad Finder Chrome Extension: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/turbo-ad-finder/kjbjojolojmokicddfeaamkodihccdcl?hl=en-USAmazon Movers & Shakers: https://www.amazon.com/gp/movers-and-shakersThe Underground Earners Event: https://undergroundearners.comTesting and Revive Products by Changing Facebook Ad Copy and Content👍 SHOUT-OUT:Harry Coleman, The Beast of Ecom on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/beastofecom/Jordan Welch on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/jrdn.w/Justin Woll on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/justinwoll/Jonathan Smith, JonXPaul on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/jonxpaul/🔴 FOLLOW DERYA WOLF:Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/theecomwizard/YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCKvIaqLAkayKj4rVKBi3BQ🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#otiscoleman #theecomwizard--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | ❤🔥 Today we have Derya Wolf as a Featured Guest on the Show.She's one best Female Professional Dropshippers on the Planet and is a Digital Marketing Expert who started a successful Private Label company.And for those of you in ecom, you should get to know who is because she is crushing it with her own company and built a team of 30 people to help operate her International Digital Marketing Agency.\xa0If you don't, you're missing out Big Time, because you she's got Mad Skills in Branding and Private Labling.✍ SHOW NOTES:Leftside Internationalhttps://www.leftsideintl.comHustlInchttps://www.hustlinc.com👍 SHOUT-OUT:Adrian MorrisonInstagram: http://www.instagram.com/adrianmorrison🔴 FOLLOW DERYA WOLF:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/deryawolf🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#derya #deryawolf #hustlinc #leftsideintl--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support | ❤ Today we have Nazerati as a Special Guest on the Show.She is Absolutely Crushing It in Dropshipping and is quickly becoming an internet personality.For those of you in Dropshipping, you need to get to know who Nazerati is, because she's a Multi-Million Dollar producer with $25k Days Dropshipping and is living the laptop lifestyle.Naz is one of the fastest growing professional dropshippers, delivering value weekly on Youtube, showing exactly how she is runs and scales her dropshipping business.Before my eyes she's been sharing juicy tips and strategies for aspiring dropshippers to sink their teeth into, all while keeping it real the whole time.✍ SHOW NOTES:Naz's YouTube Video with Scotthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjFkXnjxk0A&tNaz's YouTube Video on When To Scale Winning Productshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ4PmesV5ogNaz's YouTube Video on What To Do If Have Sales With No Profithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMMpDU-pz64Brian mentioning World Wide Brands as Product Sourcing Optionhttps://www.worldwidebrands.com👍 SHOUT-OUT:Scott Hilsehttp://www.instagram.com/scott.hilse🔴 FOLLOW NAZERATI:Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/nazerati.kYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU29Wb3Mjhd3y9ceIQpQXRA🔴 FOLLOW BRIAN MCCUMBER TECH MONEY TALKS PODCAST:Social @techmoneytalksInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/techmoneytalks/\xa0Twitter: https://twitter.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/techmoneytalks\xa0LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianmccumber/\xa0YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/techmoneytalks\xa0SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/techmoneytalks\xa0Web: https://www.TechMoneyTalks.com\xa0Dropship By Phone Course: https://www.DropshipByPhone.com🔥 FREE Dropshipping For Newbies, Dropship Using ONLY Your Phone\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REarCvhou7c********************************Tags: #dropshipping #dropship #dropshipper #ecom #e-commerce #onlinebusiness #passiveincome#nazerati #naz--- This episode is sponsored by · Anchor: The easiest way to make a podcast.  https://anchor.fm/app--- Send in a voice message: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/messageSupport this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support", 'chan_desc': "Tech Money Talks hosted by Brian McCumber is a Technology E-commerce Podcast that goes deep into Dropshipping with today's top Six Figure and Million Dollar E-commerce Professional Dropshippers, revealing their Journey into Dropshipping.Discover the Secret to their Dropshipping Success with real-life advice for you to start your own online business. Learn about E-commerce Dropshipping tips, Digital Marketing Strategies, Facebook Advertising, and Google Ads. Follow along with all things E-commerce Dropshipping on Instagram @techmoneytalksPlease leave us a 5-star review if you gained value Support this podcast: https://anchor.fm/techmoneytalks/support", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e0/c4/22/e0c422cc-90fa-0cf2-7cdb-446f8c265c66/mza_1443570890150077821.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-02-15'}}

{"QSR Magazine's Fast Forward": {'title': "QSR Magazine's Fast Forward", 'chan_url': "https://castbox.fm/channel/QSR-Magazine's-Fast-Forward-id1925717", 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'QSR magazine', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 17, 'play_count': 262, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.qsrmagazine.com/'], 'ep_total': 22, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:58:59', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:40:00', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:45:31', 0], ['2019-08-22', '01:11:49', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:20:04', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:45:53', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:22:12', 0], ['2019-07-26', '00:30:26', 0], ['2019-07-23', '00:32:26', 0], ['2019-07-08', '01:01:25', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Historically, seafood has maintained something of a small corner in the limited-service restaurant industry. Few brands outside of Long John Silver\'s and Captain D\'s have managed to expand nationally, and those that have succeeded have largely been known for fried seafood options.But that\'s starting to change, thanks to fast casuals like Chicago-based Brown Bag Seafood Co. Founder Donna Lee launched the concept as a way to offer Windy City residents the kind of fresh, healthier, fish-forward fare she preferred for her own diet. In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, Lee and business partner Zach Flanzman share how they\'re building a seafood culture in Chicago while navigating the challenges of running a multiunit restaurant operation.QSR Magazine informationFacebook | Twitter | Instagram | LinkedInQSRmagazine.com\xa0Have feedback or interview suggestions? Email us at sam@qsrmagazine.com. | Fast-casual Mediterranean is having a moment. The customization format so popular in fast casual has become the perfect vehicle for the fresh, often healthier profiles of Mediterranean foods, and brands like CAVA and Zoes Kitchen are helping dishes like hummus, pita, shawarma, and falafel go mainstream.SAJJ Mediterranean is one concept striking while the iron is hot. The Bay Area brand launched in 2012 as a food truck, and has since grown to 10 California brick-and-mortar locations, with plans for 20 by the end of 2020. CEO and cofounder Zaid Ayoub sat down with QSR editor Sam Oches to explain how the brand balances authenticity with new customer trends—and how technology has empowered SAJJ to take its unique flavors to the people.QSR Magazine informationFacebook | Twitter | Instagram | LinkedInQSRmagazine.com\xa0Have feedback or interview suggestions? Email us at sam@qsrmagazine.com. | Greg Dollarhyde knew he didn\'t want to build restaurant concepts from scratch, but he also had the skill set necessary to taking brands from potential to profit. After bouncing around to several restaurant-industry leadership positions, he struck gold with Baja Fresh, a fast-casual burrito joint that he grew to nearly 300 locations before selling to Wendy\'s in 2002 for $275 million. Since then, he\'s served as the CEO of both Zoes Kitchen and Veggie Grill, two concepts that he helped set up for massive fast-casual success.These days, Dollarhyde is an industry investor and sits on the board of directors for Veggie Grill and Blaze Pizza. In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, he offers lessons from his illustrious career and gives some advice to fellow entrepreneurs looking to make it big in the fast-casual restaurant industry.QSR Magazine informationFacebook | Twitter | Instagram | LinkedInQSRmagazine.com\xa0Have feedback or interview suggestions? Email us at sam@qsrmagazine.com.Support the show | It didn\'t take long for Souvla to make a name for itself in the fast-casual industry. Launched in San Francisco in 2014, the brand quickly became a favorite among those looking to spot future top performers across the category. How did it become such a cult favorite? Credit goes to founder and CEO Charles Bililies, whose fine-dining pedigree extended to Souvla, from its chef-forward menu to its all-Greek beverage menu and its elevated hospitality program.In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, Bililies explains why he left the fine-dining world for fast casual, and he tells us which two business components are the most critical to restaurant-industry success.QSR Magazine informationFacebook | Twitter | Instagram | LinkedInQSRmagazine.com\xa0Have feedback or interview suggestions? Email us at sam@qsrmagazine.com. | The cradle of fast food is... Wichita, Kansas? Indeed, the breeding ground for both White Castle and Pizza Hut is also the hometown for one of the most exciting fast-casual burger concepts around: Freddy\'s Frozen Custard & Steakburgers. The brand, launched in 2002 by Bill and Randy Simon and Scott Redler, was only supposed to be a family-friendly one-off in Wichita, but it quickly became a smash franchise success and has since grown to around 350 locations and nearly half a billion dollars in annual sales.\xa0In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, Redler details Freddy\'s growth and how the company has modernized even as it serves a healthy dose of timeless Americana.QSR Magazine informationFacebook | Twitter | Instagram | LinkedInQSRmagazine.com\xa0Have feedback or interview suggestions? Email us at sam@qsrmagazine.com. | There may be bigger fast-casual pizza brands, but only Your Pie can claim to be the first in the category. The Athens, Georgia–based brand opened its first location in April 2008, when founder Drew French was just 23 years old and had recently graduated from the University of Georgia. In 11 years, Your Pie has grown to around 70 locations in 19 states, becoming an embedded fixture in its communities with Italian-inspired recipes, alcohol service, and a laid-back ambiance.In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, French explains how he came up with the fast-casual pizza idea before everyone else, and tells us why he\'s OK with there being so many competitors in the category.QSR Magazine informationFacebook | Twitter | Instagram | LinkedInQSRmagazine.com\xa0Have feedback or interview suggestions? Email us at sam@qsrmagazine.com. | Cousins Subs has been a Wisconsin staple for 47 years. Now the Milwaukee-based sandwich chain is ready to expand its footprint, and has been in the middle of a years-long brand refresh that\'s setting it up for growth—including its recent opening in downtown Chicago.Justin McCoy is one of leaders responsible for the rebrand, which has included everything from store remodels and logo updates to new ordering platforms and systems upgrades. In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, Cousins\' vice president of marketing walks through how the legacy brand retooled its restaurants to accommodate modern-day customer demands.QSR Magazine informationFacebook | Twitter | Instagram | LinkedInQSRmagazine.com\xa0Have feedback or interview suggestions? Email us at sam@qsrmagazine.com. | The Asian fast-casual category is ripe for growth. Panda Express stands alone as the sole national chain, even as Americans fall more in love with Asian cuisines. But today, several emerging Asian fast casuals are expanding quickly across the U.S., serving a range of menus that showcase Asia\'s incredible food diversity.One such brand is Teriyaki Madness, a Seattle-style teriyaki concept based in Denver. The fast casual projects to have 80 locations open by the end of the year, with potentially hundreds more to come. In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, Teriyaki Madness CEO Michael Haith explains why his brand has a great shot at stealing market share from Panda Express—and how the rise in off premises is perfectly suited to its core concept. | The food-truck trend that raced to popularity a decade ago had many exciting characteristics for foodservice entrepreneurs, among them the ability to enter the space at a relatively low cost and the opportunity to try out innovative menu ideas. That was exactly what appealed to Roz Edison and Kamala Saxton. The business partners, inspired by chef Roy Choi and his Kogi BBQ truck in L.A., developed the idea for their own food truck at a dinner party in February 2009, and by June had hit the streets of Seattle with their truck concept, Marination. Leveraging Saxton\'s Hawaiian heritage, Marination serves a fusion menu that includes staples like Spam Sliders, a Kimchi Quesadilla, and a Pork Katsu Sandwich.In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, Edison describes how that simple dinner-party idea evolved into a popular Seattle mini-chain that now has a truck, three fast-casual brick-and-mortars, and a sister full-service concept, to boot. | Ally and Scott Svenson didn\'t need to start another business. After selling their first brand to Starbucks and then helping a second foodservice company grow to acquisition, they could have retired and enjoyed life with their four sons. But the itch to build something returned, and in 2008 they launched the fast-casual brand MOD Pizza.What started as a "laboratory" in downtown Seattle for customized pizzas and enhanced hospitality has since become the largest fast-casual pizza chain in the world, with more than 400 locations in 70-plus markets. In this conversation with QSR editor Sam Oches, the Svensons describe the motivating factors for getting back into the foodservice industry and why they view their business as a people place, not a pizza place.QSR Magazine informationFacebook | Twitter | Instagram | LinkedInQSRmagazine.com\xa0Have feedback or interview suggestions? Email us at sam@qsrmagazine.com.Support the show', 'chan_desc': "QSR Magazine's Fast Forward, a podcast from the editors of the leading publication for foodservice owners and operators, discusses the future of the fast food restaurant industry. Made for restaurant executives, entrepreneurs, and leaders, each episode features an interview with fast-casual founders and visionaries who discuss the ongoing successes and challenges of building a restaurant company from scratch.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/2d/09/f1/2d09f137-d55f-624e-3600-82ed0fedbb04/mza_7201050734013644662.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-01-02'}}

{'The Panel Podcast with Jen Hilz': {'title': 'The Panel Podcast with Jen Hilz', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Panel-Podcast-with-Jen-Hilz-id2391730', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jen Hilz', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 0, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://thepanelpod.com'], 'ep_total': 2, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:43:47', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:02:27', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "On this very first episode of The Panel, Jen sits down with Whitney Rowell and Tinsley Merrill to discuss the importance of building a community that fits your lifestyle. When you enter the working world, you may find that you're suddenly surrounded by co-workers with lifestyles that don't resemble yours. Building a community of likeminded people can help you develop meaningful friendships that will drive your success. This Episode's Panelists:Whitney Rowell is the founder of Miracle Milkookies, co-founder of Collective Thirty One, and host of the podcast, Message from Mom. Tinsley Merrill is the 25-year-old chief revenue officer and co-founder of Pairr. Follow Pairr on Instagram @pairrexperience. Be sure to sign up through Facebook and use code: THEPANEL!Thank you for listening! If you love the show, please leave us a review on Apple Podcasts. We'll see you next week!This episode was recorded and produced at iHeartMedia Dallas with assistance from Carl Houde.\xa0Support the show | Welcome to The Panel, a podcast for the inspired.The Panel is a podcast featuring a collection of experts in various fields focusing on optimizing life in all facets: business, health, relationships, and everything in between.The Panel represents a shift in the way podcasts are structured, highlighting a topic, rather than the guest. Empowering the listener is at the center of everything we do: from selecting episodes that only appeal to their needs, to providing education and fresh perspectives on relatable topics.The Panel is hosted by Jen Hilz, a tenured sales professional in the tech industry whose mission is to empower young professionals to think outside the box and never stop learning. If you're a goal driven, open minded, motivated person who listens to podcasts to learn something new rather than for an update on pop culture, The Panel is for you.New episodes released every Wednesday.If you like what you hear, please subscribe and leave us a review.Thank you!Support the show", 'chan_desc': "Welcome to The Panel, a podcast for the inspired. The Panel is a podcast featuring a collection of experts in various fields focusing on optimizing life in all facets: business, health, relationships, and everything in between. The Panel represents a shift in the way podcasts are structured, highlighting a topic, rather than the guest. Empowering the listener is at the center of everything we do: from selecting episodes that only appeal to their needs, to providing education and fresh perspectives on relatable topics. The Panel is hosted by Jen Hilz, a tenured sales professional in the tech industry whose mission is to empower young professionals to think outside the box and never stop learning. If you're a goal driven, open minded, motivated person who listens to podcasts to learn something new rather than for an update on pop culture, The Panel is for you. New episodes released every Wednesday. If you like what you hear, please subscribe and leave us a review. Thank you!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/6b/16/42/6b164258-39c0-d15c-bf66-20fd7c8f6544/mza_107288907665860488.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-25'}}

{'Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever with host Marcus Aurelius Anderson': {'title': 'Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever with host Marcus Aurelius Anderson', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Conscious-Millionaire-Epic-Achiever-with-host-Marcus-Aurelius-Anderson-id2035679', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Marcus Aurelius Anderson', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 16, 'play_count': 81, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ConsciousMillionaire.com'], 'ep_total': 38, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:36:46', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:40:16', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:32:34', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:45:37', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:10:09', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:53:52', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:38:22', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:34:08', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:36:18', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:38:18', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763\xa0 Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Jay Nixon: Finding the Purpose of Pain in Business and Life Jay Nixon is an internationally recognized transformation coach who has been profiled by ABS, CBS and FOX. He has also been featured in magazines such as Health and Triathlete. With his extensive coaching and speaking career and deep life experience, plus his witty but purposeful writing style, there\'s no one better qualified to explain the benefits (yes, benefits!) of suffering than Nixon.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763\xa0 Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Steve Sims: How to Make the Impossible POSSIBLE in your Business As the founder of Bluefish, one of the top personal concierge services, and an expert marketer within the luxury industry, Steve has been quoted in various publications & TV including the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, Londons Sunday Times, South China Morning Post and many more. A best selling Author with "BLUEFISHING - the art of making things happen, sought-after consultant and a speaker at a variety of networks, groups and associations as well as the Pentagon and Harvard twice! Want to sing with your favorite rock star, be serenaded by Andre Boceli, walk the red carpet at A List Oscar parties, get married in the Vatican, Dive to the wreck of the Titanic these are just a few highlights of what Steve has been asked to provide for his clients. He makes the impossible, possible, after all he is quoted as The Real Life Wizard of Oz" by Forbes and Entrepreneur Magazine An entrepreneur in the truest sense of the word, Steve is well regarded within the luxury world for his innovation and down-to-earth personality. Known for his honesty, integrity and doing things his way, Steve creates experiences for his clients that they could never have imagined being possible.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... J V Crum III: Story behind JV Crum III’s Conscious Millionaire Show JV Crum III hosts the Conscious Millionaire Podcast and Radio Network; with over 2,000 episodes and heard in 190 countries. He is a #1 best-selling author who made his First Million at age 25. JV is known as the Conscious Millionaire Mentor to small and mid-size conscious entrepreneurs who want to impact more people and grow profits fast.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763\xa0 Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Mike Vacanti: Putting HUMANS FIRST to create BELIEVERSHIP in your Business Mike Vacanti is a catalyst for positive change. He\'s an expert in leadership & culture transformation. He\'s also a speaker and founder of #HumansFirst Club. Following many years in advertising and marketing, he launched early stage start-ups, led M&A initiatives for publicly traded tech companies, and empowered transformation through highly skilled teams in complex businesses. Mike\'s teams consistently beat the challenge, learned a lot and had some fun. His new book BELIEVERSHIP comes out September 25 and is available for preorder now!  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Click here for your Discovery Analysis from Cogent Analytics  or call  833-4MyProfit (833) 469-7763\xa0 Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Find the Cause Marcus Aurelius Anderson is an author, Keynote Speaker, TEDx Speaker and executive Mindset Coach. While preparing to deploy with the U.S. Army, he suffered a severe spinal injury and was told he’d never walk again. He now speaks, writes, and coaches others to overcome their own Adversities to actualize their personal definition of success.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Vaughn Kohler: How to Reinvent yourself to succeed in Life and Business Vaughn Kohler is a writer, speaker, and co-host of the #1 rated business and success podcast, The MFCEO Project. His personal mission is to help people maximize their impact for their gain and the good of the world. He especially likes to help spiritually minded people pursue success with confidence and a clear conscience.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Ruben Gonzalez: 4-time Olympian reveals the Olympic Mindset to succeed in Business and life! Ruben Gonzalez is a common man who achieved extraordinary things. He wasn’t a gifted athlete. In school he was always the last kid picked to play sports. He didn’t take up the sport of luge until he was 21. Four years and a few broken bones later, Ruben was competing in the Calgary Winter Olympics. When he competed at the Vancouver Olympics at the age of 47, Ruben became the first person to ever compete in four Winter Olympics each in a different decade. Since 2002 Ruben has spoken for over 100 of the Fortune 500 companies. He’s considered one of the top motivational and inspirational speakers in America. His bestselling books have sold over 100,000 copies and have been translated to over 10 languages. His incredible story takes people’s excuses away and fills them with the belief and inspiration to face their challenges and fight for their goals and dreams. People buy into what Ruben teaches because they can relate to him. Ruben will inspire and equip your people to win. \xa0  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Adam Schaeuble: How to Forge a Healthy Lifesyle as an Entrepreneur Adam Schaeuble, aka The PHD (previously heavy dude), is the host of the top ranked fitness podcast The Million Pound Mission. He reached a point in his life where he weighed 327lbs and was already having weight related health issues in his late twenties. He decided to overhaul his lifestyle and his fitness and ended up losing over 100lbs. Feeling inspired, he took what he learned from his own transformation journey and created a bootcamp program that produced over 35,000 lbs of results in his home town of Bloomington, IN. Now Adam has set his sights on inspiring over one million pounds of healthy results through his podcast, coaching programs, and the Million Pound Mission Bootcamp."  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Nick Norris: Navy Seal Reveals How to Use Vulnerability in Leadership Nick Norris is a graduate of both the United States Naval Academy and Basic Underwater Demolition / SEAL (BUD/S) Class 247. Upon completion of SEAL training in 2004, Nick assumed progressively higher positions of leadership within Naval Special Warfare. Nick was mentored by JOCKO WILLINK while serving as an officer on SEAL TEAM 3. Nick’s interview on “THE TIM FERRISS SHOW” put him on the map and his message has been changing lives ever since. Nick is the Co-Founder and CEO of Amavara, a sunscreen company that has invented a new mineral sunscreen technology to protect both consumer health and the environment.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0 | Welcome to\xa0Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast, with your Host,\xa0Marcus Aurelius Anderson... Scott Halford: Maximize Your Brain in Business and Life Scott Halfod reveals the one secret to being more productive: How going slow makes you "faster" in the long run. Scott tells he went from nearly bankrupt to the Speaker Hall of Fame and Best selling Author.  SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES And, download your free gift today... Get the High Performer Formula to Make Millions – Click Here! Please help spread the word. Subscribing and leaving a review helps other entrepreneurs and business owners find our podcast…and turn their big impact into their First Million. They will thank you for it. Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s Entrepreneur Epic Achievers.\xa0Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins.\xa0\xa0 Conscious Millionaire Network has over 1,800 episodes and 12 Million Listeners in 190 countries. Our original Conscious Millionaire Podcast was named in Inc Magazine as one of the Top 13 Business Podcasts! \xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Conscious Millionaire Epic Achiever Podcast is an entrepreneurial, business, and mindset show that reveals the secrets of the world’s most Epic Achievers. Join Marcus Aurelius Anderson as he goes inside the minds of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, athletes, authors, and experts who teach you how they turned their greatest Adversities into their most Epic Wins. Part of the Conscious Millionaire Network, heard by millions of listeners world-wide. More info, visit www.ConsciousMillionaire.com TO BOOK MARCUS as a Guest or Speaker: Marcus@MarcusAureliusAnderson.com. To become a guest, contact podcasting@ConsciousMillionaire.com.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/df/cc/da/dfccdae4-789c-1cfc-c86c-dbbd9ba7761b/mza_1836672535644683768.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-03-01'}}

{'Passionate Pioneers with Mike Biselli': {'title': 'Passionate Pioneers with Mike Biselli', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Passionate-Pioneers-with-Mike-Biselli-id2359053', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'MikeBiselli.com', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 2, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://omny.fm/shows/passionate-pioneers-with-mike-biselli'], 'ep_total': 5, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:42:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:42:05', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:28:54', 0], ['2019-09-08', '00:33:27', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:17:58', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In this episode, we spent time with two healthcare innovation executives who started a global movement of connection, empathy, and love through the simple act of gifting pairs of pink socks.What started as one gifted pair of pink socks in 2015 has turned into almost 60,000 pairs today.Nick Adkins is the Co-Founder of Pinksocks Life, a nonprofit organization focused on promoting authentic human connection around the world. In addition to empowering people from all walks of life to connect with anyone and anywhere, he serves on the advisory boards at Cloudbreak Health and\xa0doc.ai.Andrew Richards is the other Co-Founder of Pinksocks Life. In addition to his work with the Pinksocks movement, Andrew leads health technology innovation at the Elson S Floyd College of Medicine at Washington State University. He also co-founded Amend Health, which drives start-up companies to address healthcare challenges in rural and underserved communities.During our time together, Nick and Andrew shared how this globally reaching movement and community started, where they are today with their non-profit, and their plan to further grow the important work of the organization.I also asked Andrew and Nick to share some specific examples of how the power of connection and gifting of pink socks has made our communities better around the world. Stay tuned for some very inspiring stories that demonstrate the power of this movement!Toward the end of the podcast, we explored a few examples of how you can start your journey of creating community and togetherness as well as how you can get involved with the pinks sock organization.Links supporting the #pinksocks interview- Pinksocks website-\xa0https://pinksocks.life, Nick's Twitter page-\xa0https://twitter.com/nickisnpdx, Andrew's Twitter page-\xa0https://twitter.com/andrewintech, #pinksocks Twitter feed-\xa0https://twitter.com/search?q=pinksocks&amp;src=typed_query, Guest feedback form-\xa0https://forms.gle/H9XZz1okNJ8wGCbR7, Guest nomination form-\xa0https://forms.gle/Bg9xdUZpGtejpGe47, Subscribe to podcast newsletter-\xa0https://forms.gle/VmsYTZ4MsegdyTRG8, Mike Biselli website-\xa0www.mikebiselli.com | In this episode, we spent time with a successful serial entrepreneur and discussed the companies he has built.Our guest also authentically shared the challenges and failures along the way and how he overcame his struggles to be able to help others tell stories at scale.Kyle Shannon is the inventor & CEO of Storyvine. Founded in 2012, Storyvine is a Guided Video platform that automates video production and allows clients to automagically create authentic, professional video content.He’s innovated in storytelling and digital media for more than two decades. In 1995, Kyle Co-Founded, and was the Chief Creative Officer of the pioneering digital agency,\xa0AGENCY.COM. and helped grow the company to more than 2200 employees, $200mm in revenue, and a successful IPO on the NASDAQ.Toward the end of the podcast, I asked Kyle to share several action items for how you can to tell your organization or personal brand stories at scale.Links supporting Kyle's interview-\xa0www.storyvine.com,\xa0http://voyagedenver.com/interview/meet-kyle-shannon-storyvine-rino-catalyst-hti-building-brighton/, Guest feedback form-\xa0https://forms.gle/H9XZz1okNJ8wGCbR7, Guest nomination form-\xa0https://forms.gle/Bg9xdUZpGtejpGe47, Subscribe to podcast newsletter-\xa0https://forms.gle/VmsYTZ4MsegdyTRG8, Mike Biselli site-\xa0www.mikebiselli.com | In this episode, we had the opportunity to sit down with Lisa Sabey- a mother fiercely dedicated to find answers for her daughter’s mental health afflictions and turned her answer-seeking journey into a nationally recognized non-profit and an award winning documentary film making organization.Lisa is the President of Parents-to-Parents, a non-profit organization that collaborates with top scientists and science-based organizations to create film documentaries about effective mental health care, preventative care and creating mental health from birth on.Links supporting Lisa's interview-\xa0www.americantragedymovie.com\xa0www.paininthenation.org,\xa0http://bostonfilmfestival.org/schedule.shtml, Guest feedback form-\xa0https://forms.gle/H9XZz1okNJ8wGCbR7, Guest nomination form-\xa0https://forms.gle/Bg9xdUZpGtejpGe47, Subscribe to podcast newsletter-\xa0https://mailchi.mp/mikebiselli/passionatepioneers, Mike Biselli site-\xa0www.mikebiselli.com | In this episode, I’m excited to have Dr. Benjamin Miller from Well Being Trust as we discuss mental well-being in our nation and communities. We even discussed the love of sushi, the cowbell and the guitar and a very important question Dr. Miller asked of all of us toward the end of the podcast.Episode Links: Links supporting Dr. Miller's interview: www.wellbeingtrust.org www.paininthenation.orgGuest feedback form: https://forms.gle/H9XZz1okNJ8wGCbR7 Guest nomination form: https://forms.gle/Bg9xdUZpGtejpGe47 Subscribe to podcast newsletter: https://mailchi.mp/mikebiselli/passionatepioneers *Mike Biselli site: www.mikebiselli.com | In this episode, I'm excited to share with you why we're turning this podcast on, a bit of my backstory, what we plan to accomplish with the podcast and, most importantly- how you, our listeners, will be taking an active role in the community we will be building through this podcast!Useful links from episode:Prime Health: www.primehealthco.com Catalyst HTI: www.catalysthealthtech.comMike Biselli site: www.mikebiselli.com Guest nomination form: https://forms.gle/Bg9xdUZpGtejpGe47", 'chan_desc': 'Our world is experiencing daunting problems and at times it can feel overwhelming and downright depressing.But, Mike Biselli is incredibly optimistic that we can solve these problems, when we work TOGETHER!Passionate Pioneers with Mike Biselli highlights the innovators, the game changers, and the PIONEERS who are deeply passionate and relentless in solving the problems that our world is facing.This is your opportunity to connect and learn from these leaders, and to support them on their mission. Perhaps they will soon be hearing your story as well!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/b7/01/0f/b7010f9d-9369-e0ea-3155-e8b25a3814e0/mza_6555325101978130761.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-03'}}

{'Write Publish Market': {'title': 'Write Publish Market', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Write-Publish-Market-id2392633', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Write Publish Market', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 0, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://audioboom.com/channels/5005296'], 'ep_total': 4, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-27', '00:16:09', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:27:25', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:13:08', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:12:53', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Today on the show Jodi talks about the importance of mindset for author-entrepreneurs. She explains that all writers, whether professional or author-entrepreneur, ask themselves, “Who am I to write a book?” The fears and roadblocks that come up — namely fear of failure, perfectionism, analysis paralysis, imposter syndrome / creative lapse (writer’s block), self-doubt, burnout, self-sabotage (ugly inner critic) — affect both kinds of writers. Dealing with them is twofold: figuring out their source, and developing a mantra to combat them.Jodi stresses the importance of author-entrepreneurs understanding that professional writers struggle with the same fears and roadblocks, as well as the importance of adopting the mindset of a professional writer for a temporary period. That means writing every day and taking book writing seriously (aka treating it like a job).When to power through and when to stop writing for the day is a question that comes up often, and Jodi offers some tips as well as the relationship between writer’s block and mindset.She closes the episode by reiterating the need to develop a writer’s mindset, if only for a time, and how it helps author-entrepreneurs successfully write their book. | Today on the show Jodi interviews Jess Freeman of Jess Creatives, about book covers. Here are some highlights:Jodi and Jess talked about the cover as the first impression of a book (and how books ARE judged by their covers!).Jess shared how she became interested in book design.Jess offered some resources for DIY-ing a book cover if a custom cover isn’t in the budget.Jess stressed the importance of the cover looking good/readable in thumbnail format.Jess shared a couple favorite book covers, both that she designed and that she didn’t.Jess let us know that she just finished Superfans by Pat Flynn and is starting The Decision Maker by Dennis Bakke.Listen here or on your favorite podcast player, and let me know what you think!Find Jess here:http://www.jesscreatives.comhttp://www.instagram.com/jesscreativeshttp://www.jesscreatives.video | Today on the show Jodi introduces the podcast, talks about her publishing background, and outlines some goals for the podcast:To show behind the scenes of the book publishing worldTo familiarize future author-entrepreneurs with the process of book publishing.To showcase author-entrepreneurs who have successfully published a book to serve their business (case study style).Listen here or on your favorite podcast player, and let me know what you think! | Today on the show Jodi talks about how author-entrepreneurs discover the book within them. Some have a passion for a topic that they can’t resist writing about. For others, the idea comes from the questions they’re asked repeatedly to showcase their expertise, methodology, or framework. With that idea needs to come a plan, which consists of the structure of the book (determined through researching similar book titles) and the contents (outline). Where author-entrepeneurs get hung up is getting started, due to one of these fears:Analysis paralysisFear of failurePerfectionismImposter syndromeListen here or on your favorite podcast player, and let me know what you think!', 'chan_desc': 'The Write Publish Market podcast explores all facets of the book publishing process for entrepreneurs.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/87/49/ec/8749ec26-7165-cc8f-686a-e018a128e922/mza_6977083450068199668.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-23'}}

{'Small Seed, Big Impact': {'title': 'Small Seed, Big Impact', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Small-Seed%2C-Big-Impact-id2383010', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Holly MacKinnon', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 1, 'play_count': 3, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://podcast.rss.com/smallseedbigimpact/'], 'ep_total': 2, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:59:34', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:48:03', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Thank you so much for joining us for episode two! This week we’re discussing motives, intentions and why you do what you do. Why some people seem to be “lucky” and others can’t get out of their own way. In a world full of fake people the real one stand out and succeed. Is your heart aligned with your actions?\xa0 Make sure to review and tag us on social meida @smallseedbar @shanemackinnon @hollyy_mackinnon\xa0 \xa0 | Thank you so much for joining us this week! We are excited to plant seeds of inspiration and motivation in your life. In this weeks eposide you'll get to know us, your hosts, Holly and Shane MacKinnon. A couple from completely different backgrounds navigating\xa0business, parenthood, culture and everything in between. Learn how we met, what lead us to the start up world, and eventually what lead us to Small Seed Bar.\xa0 \xa0 Check us out on Instagram @smallseedbar @shanemackinnon @hollyy_mackinnon\xa0", 'chan_desc': 'The goal of this podcast is to plant seeds of growth, motivation, inspiration and positivity that can have a meaningful impact on your life. Hosted by Holly & Shane MacKinnon. ', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/f0/0c/28/f00c2815-7898-9c82-6346-f42fdb988cf1/mza_6164334520640248662.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-23'}}

{'The Blog For Profit Podcast': {'title': 'The Blog For Profit Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Blog-For-Profit-Podcast-id2058235', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Cassie Scroggins', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 20, 'play_count': 110, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://blogforprofitpodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 11, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-13', '00:20:06', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:28:06', 0], ['2019-07-16', '00:30:02', 0], ['2019-06-19', '00:24:33', 1], ['2019-06-05', '00:21:29', 0], ['2019-05-22', '00:23:55', 0], ['2019-04-17', '00:19:24', 0], ['2019-04-03', '00:25:03', 0], ['2019-03-20', '00:19:17', 1], ['2019-03-19', '00:15:23', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Episode 3 of the How to Start a Blog Series! When starting your own money making blog, after choosing your blog niche or topic then it’s time to name your blog! We’ll dive deep into how to name your blog by breaking it down into three phases.  Phase 1: Top things to consider when naming your blog. (This is where your head should be at when strategically coming up with a name for your blog to promote success!) Phase 2: Other things to consider when naming your blog. (These are the extra checklist items to keep in mind and look at when considering blog name ideas.) & Phase 3: How to actually come up with a blog name. (Excersises, tools, and resources to help you in the creative process of creating a name.)  Today, in episode 011 we’re diving into phase 2\xa0and will discuss 5 checklist items to think about and consider when naming your blog! Find the Show notes and links mentioned in today's episode here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/011/ Check out the blog: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/ Join the community and get 10 pages of my 47 page Ultimate Blog Planner FREE by joining my email list here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/freeplanner | Episode 2 of the How to Start a Blog Series! When starting your own money making blog, after choosing your blog niche or topic then it’s time to name your blog! We’ll dive deep into how to name your blog by breaking it down into three phases.  Phase 1: Top things to consider when naming your blog. (This is where your head should be at when strategically coming up with a name for your blog to promote success!) Phase 2: Other things to consider when naming your blog. (These are the extra checklist items to keep in mind and look at when considering blog name ideas.) & Phase 3: How to actually come up with a blog name. (Excersises, tools, and resources to help you in the creative process of creating a name.)  Today, in episode 010 we’re diving into phase 1 and will talk about what your name says about your blog,and top things you should be thinking about when naming your blog to promote success! Find the Show notes and links mentioned in today's episode here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/010/ Check out the blog: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/ Join the community and get 10 pages of my 47 page Ultimate Blog Planner FREE by joining my email list here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/freeplanner |  What should I blog about? How do I choose a profitable blog topic? What blog niches make money? What do I blog about? Today we outline\xa0how to choose the perfect blog topic and niche for you to start your own money-making blog. One that you love that will grow and be profitable. Find the Free Worksheet and the links mentioned in today's episode here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/009/ Check out the blog: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/ Follow Cassie on social at @CassScroggins Join the community and get 10 pages of my 38 page Ultimate Blog Planner FREE by joining my email list here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/freeplanner \xa0  | She makes $400k a year from her blog, mostly through affiliate marketing. Today we're talking how to effectively use affiliate marketing on your blog with pro-blogger Taylor Stanford.\xa0 Find the links mentioned in today's episode here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/008/ Check out the blog: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/ Follow Cassie on social at @CassScroggins Join the community and get 10 pages of my 38 page Ultimate Blog Planner FREE by joining my email list here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/freeplanner | Before the followers, likes, and shares setting up social media accounts for your blog--the right way is the first steps to optimizing your reach and growth. And if done correctly, can set you up on a path to viral success.\xa0 In today's episode, we break down the 5 steps to strategically setting up social media accounts for your blog to promote growth, followings, and success.\xa0 Check out the blog at: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/  Show notes at: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/007  Follow us on social at @CassScroggins  Join the community and get 10 pages of my 38 page Ultimate Blog Planner FREE when you join my email list here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/freeplanner \xa0 | Can your blog be successful today? Is it too late to start a money-making blog now? We'll discuss why Yes, right now is THE BEST time to start a blog. You are NOT too late.\xa0 Check out the blog at: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/ Show notes at: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/006 Follow us on social at @CassScroggins Join the community and get 10 pages of my 38 page Ultimate Blog Planner FREE when you join my email list here: https://www.cassiescroggins.com/freeplanner \xa0 \xa0 | From 25,000 page views a month to now over 200,000 each month Joann Crohn, of the blog No Guilt Mom, has gone from being a member of Google Analytics anonymous obsessed with the numbers game to now a professional blogger growing traffic by finding her point of genus and instead of a focus on the numbers, a focus on truly serving her readers.\xa0 In today's episode, we chat with Joann and discuss what to do to build your traffic when you feel like no one is reading your blog.\xa0 | How to do I start making money from my blog? In today's episode, we breakdown the 5 ways bloggers make money online and 3 easy ways to get started monetizing your own blog even with low traffic and little to no social following! I'll take you through the process of implementing each method into your own blogging strategy so you can start earning ASAP! Snag Your Free Blog Planner and find the links mentioned in today's episode in the show notes at https://www.cassiescroggins.com/004/ | You've clicked launch and... crickets. No one is reading your blog.\xa0 In today's episode, I'll share 8 surefire ways to drive traffic to your brand new blog. These are the same strategies that helped me go from 0 to 10,000 page views a month by my 4th month blogging. To build a profitable blog, you've got to have readers. Here's how to get them! Find today's show notes at http://www.cassiescroggins.com/003 \xa0 | Just can't figure out how to grow your tribe on Facebook? With over 2 billion active users every month, Facebook is a platform you just can't afford to ignore. Today I lay out my super simple 4 step Facebook growth strategy that allows you to grow your tribe and skyrocket your blog's Facebook page likes fast!\xa0 Find today's show notes at http://www.cassiescroggins.com/002", 'chan_desc': 'Tips, tactics, and strategies to turn your blog into a successful money-making business! Your host, stay at home mom stuck in the mom rut turned nap time hustler and momtrepreneur running her own money making blog, Cassie Scroggins, helps her audience of bloggers in their journey to successful, profitable blogging. Episodes dropping every other week cover topics from content creation to building traffic, monetization, and more.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/d2/79/9d/d2799d8c-cb51-3eac-b315-2ae719a8b85f/mza_6188856502487105517.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-03-16'}}

{'Mi Rutina de Trabajo - Cereal Empresarial': {'title': 'Mi Rutina de Trabajo - Cereal Empresarial', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Mi-Rutina-de-Trabajo-Cereal-Empresarial-id1416038', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Miguel Contés', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 23, 'play_count': 307, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://cerealempresarial.com'], 'ep_total': 57, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:07:16', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:59:49', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:53:55', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:41:27', 0], ['2019-09-02', '01:01:57', 0], ['2019-08-26', '01:03:07', 0], ['2019-08-19', '01:16:04', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:47:57', 0], ['2019-07-29', '01:06:09', 0], ['2019-07-22', '00:25:53', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Muchas veces no alcanzamos lo que queremos por que no conocemos nuestro valor y no sabemos vendernos.\xa0 En este junto épico, Edman se une a Cereal Empresarial para ayudarte en tu emprendimiento.\xa0 Edman Silvino, tiene 3 hacks que te ayudarán a conocer tu valor, reconocer lo que cuesta tu trabajo y hacerte reír a la vez.\xa0 Comienza todas tus mañanas con en cerealempresarial.com, donde encontrarás recursos para emprendedores.\xa0 | Andria Fontanez y Ariel Díaz, son los fundadores de Diaz, Fontanez & Associates, una agencia de mercadeo especializada en reclutamiento y Employer Branding. Su especialización es en encontrar y retener el mejor talento para tu empresa usando estrategias de inbound marketing a la vez que elevan la marca de tu empresa. \xa0 Esta es la primera pareja que entrevisto, y déjenme decirle que estoy bien emocionado por que nos muestran un lado que no se habla mucho dentro del emprendimiento, la relación con tu cónyuge.\xa0 Ariel y Andria nos demuestran cómo se pueden crear, mantener y crecer un negocio mientras se crece, mantiene y crece una familia con 3 hijos, y la vez dedicarle tiempo a su relación cómo pareja.\xa0 | Javier Alaex es un asesor de marca personal que ha ayudado a cientos emprendedores, politicos, celebridades y autores a posicionarse en la menta de sus prospectos y clientes para vender un servicio, producto o causa. De igual forma Javier ayuda a influencers y creadores de contenido a monetizar sus plataformas, uno de los retos más grandes en esta industria. Su experiencia con emprendedores, celebridades y autores a puesto Javier entre uno de los asesores de marca personal más cotizados en la industria debido a sus resultados. Escucha está entrevista y aprende que es lo que hace una marca memorable y que perdura. \xa0 http://cerealemrpesarial.com\xa0 | Hernán Orjuela, es un productor de television, Speaker Coach y una de las caras más reconocidas de Colombia con más de 35 años de experiencia en los medios de comunicación. Hernán es el fundador de Nuestra Tele Internacional, un canal de cable que transmite a 22 países. De igual forma es director y presentador de "Trendiando", un programa diario de novedades y cultura el cual se transmite en 22 países a través de Nuestra Tele Internacional. Conoce los hábitos y secretos de Hernán detrás de su rutina de trabajo.\xa0 | Alejandra Sastre es una empresaria, mentora y Speaker Internacional, experta en marketing estratégico y especializada en ventas de alto valor. Alejandra parte de la premisa de que para posicionarte en tu industria tienes que valorarte, y cómo una mentalidad correcta te puede ayudar a a lograr tus objetivos.\xa0 De esta manera comenzó a a vender productos y servicios en más de $10,000 y ha viajado el mundo ofreciendo charlas y talleres. En este episodio de vas aprender:  Cómo conectar con las personas Cómo posicionar tu marca en tu industria Lo que es la confianza financiera Estrategias de como utilizar Whatsapp para generar ingresos. y muchísimo más  Conoce la increíble historia de Alejandra Sastre en el episodio de hoy. | Conoce los secretos de cómo crecer una cuenta de Instagram exitosamente con Sergio Perdomo, fundador de la cuenta de Instagram, Sabiduría Millonaria, que cuenta con más de 230,000 followers.\xa0 Sergio nos provee 3 estrategias poderosas que puedes implementar hoy en tu Instagram, juntamente con un método de como rankear tu cuenta con la utilización de Hashtags correctamente.\xa0 Juntamente con esta entrevista Sabiduria Millonaria lanza su Podcast Mi Primer Millón, Secretos del Mundo Digital.\xa0 Aprende cómo puedes obtener una oportunidad en ganarte unos Airpods y más de $4,000 en premios visitando el blog post de este episodio. http://cerealempresarial.com/sabiduria-millonaria \xa0 | Hoy tuve el privilegio de entrevistar a Cynthia Martínez, la creadora de\xa0My Barely Famous Life\xa0y\xa0LeadUp Labs, y una de las personas más productivas que vas a conocer. Cynthia a tomado la misión de ayudar a cientos de individuos y empresas a desarrollar/crecer sus negocios a través de talleres intensivos y de alto rendimiento, que cubren las diferentes necesidades de los emprendedores.\xa0 Una de las cosas que diferencia a Cynthia es el seguimiento luego de que alguien ha completado uno de sus talleres. Esto provoca que un gran por ciento de sus estudiantes y clientes obtengan resultados notables. Este episodio un mega tutorial de productividad. Te vamos a proveer consejos prácticos para que te copies y lo implementes hoy. El cambio comienza cuando tomas acciones, y la primera acción es escuchar este podcast. 👇🏽 Algunas conceptos que vas aprender en este episodio:  Cómo redactar mucho contenido en poco tiempo Cómo ser un rebel con causa Hábitos financieros saludables Cómo aprovechar los tiempo en el tapón Que hacer cuando te critican y mucho más  | Si tu empresa vende a través del internet o esta apunto de hacerlo, es sumamente vital que domines la destrezas del copywriting. Por tal razón le he pedido a Ricardo Botín, un copywriter profesional de España, que me acompañará en el episodio de hoy para que nos explicará\xa0 cómo podemos sacarle el provecho a está destreza y cómo comenzar a ejecutarla. Copywriting es la redacción de de la\xa0 comunicación persuasiva, para facilitar la toma de decisión momento que alguien este pensando comprar. \xa0 Notas y recursos del episodio http://cerealempresarial.com | Aprende lo que todo dueño de negocio debe hacer al momento de abrir su local. Ser emprendedor no es tarea fácil y más cuando compras una empresa que está al borde de banca rota. Esta es la historia de Mateo Cidre, cuando decide comprar el negocio familiar de Los Cidrines. Conoce como este joven emprendedor levanto toda un empresa, revoluciono\xa0el mercado y transformo el concepto de panadería\xa0para siempre. El pan después de Mateo Cidre jamas será el mismo. Escucha la entrevista ahora. http://cerealempresarial.com\xa0 \xa0 |  Dicen que el dinero está en el internet, pero quizás te has preguntado, ¿cómo puedo generar ingresos utilizando el internet?\xa0   Te voy a enseñar todo lo que hice paso a paso, para poder generar $1,000 en internet en dos semanas sin invertir en publicidad con una de las formas más fáciles y sencillas de empezar a generar ingresos online. Regístrate en mis clases👇🏾 https://cerealempresarial.com/aprendeafiliados', 'chan_desc': 'Descubre cuáles son las rutinas de trabajo, hábitos y mentalidades de los emprendedores y ejecutivos más poderosos. En este podcast escucharás las técnicas que estos emprendedores utilizan para manejar sus tareas diarias y cómo dividen su tiempo de trabajo vs el de su vida personal. Tendrás la oportunidad de conocer algunos hábitos no muy comunes que los han llevado a incrementar su productividad y hacer crecer sus respectivas empresas.Esto y mucho más solo aquí en, "Mi Rutina de Trabajo" en Cereal Empresarial, con Miguel Contés.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/23/9e/65/239e6583-7b54-9c3d-1a34-8723198120bd/mza_5611160352256501862.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-08-28'}}

{'Straight to the Point': {'title': 'Straight to the Point', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Straight-to-the-Point-id2221910', 'num_comments': 35, 'author': 'Beau Crabill', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 23, 'play_count': 322, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://beaucrabill.com/online-retail-home'], 'ep_total': 26, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:08:00', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:08:16', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:08:41', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:07:19', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:13:14', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:06:37', 2], ['2019-09-16', '00:13:25', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:10:04', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:10:00', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:10:00', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'How do you share your knowledge with the world without saturating your own market?In this episode, I am going to share with you while although I coach students on best business practices...I am very much still a \'player\' in the game and even a student of sorts.Tune into this episode because we\'re also going to cover:Why learning Is great, but will get you nowhere closer to your dreams...(and the secret that does)Why 1-on-1 coaching Is great, but why it\'s not scalable and what I did about this.How to be wary of misinformation when it comes to your business.\xa0Thank you so much for your continued support with \'Straight to the Point.\'The podcast is becoming more successful by the week and it wouldn\'t happen without you.\xa0 I\'m excited to share with you that I did a full content blitz over the last 48 hours so that you\'ll have a bunch to chew on in the coming weeks! To go deeper Into my world, check out BeauCrabill.com | "Here in my garage..."You ever see the guy on youtube standing in front of a Lamborghini talking about how he\'s so passionate about books and knowledge?You either love him, or you hate him.One of the most polarizing figures in the business worldMy experience meeting Tai Lopez and what he\'s like in person compared to his videosOne of Tai\'s most gifted attributes and how intuition can serve your businessI\'ll also share some of the most timely advice that Tai has given me when meeting with him.Tune in because you just might hear what you need.\xa0Being around Tai both motivated & humbled me & I\'m excited for you to dive into this episode.To connect with me and find me anywhere on social, simply head to BeauCrabill.com | Are you operating your business in the most efficient manner?\xa0Do you have systems in place that will FREE your time and allow you to make even more of an impact, generate more business, and increase your profits?Tune into this episode to discover:Your #1 objective when it comes to starting out with Amazon and nothing else.Why your time is the most valuable thing in the world and the Super Technique you\'ll want to become best friends with to keep that time.Taking account of your unique skills and brain power...and what to do with everything else.\xa0The different methods you can tap into that avoid wasting your time or forfeiting equityTo dive deeper into my world, visit BeauCrabill.com | Want to know the mental ninja secret behind becoming profitable in your business?Incentive.In this episode, I will share a unique perspective on incentivizing yourself that you can adopt and use to create a flourishing entrepreneurial journey.\xa0I\'ll also talk about:The #1 thing my dad programmed into my brain at a young age that continues to serve me today.My simple memory of running a lemonade stand as a kid and what it taught meWhy picking up dog poop became so exciting for me.All of that and so much more inside this fun episode.So dive a little deeper into my world, visit BeauCrabill.com | Can my experience as a young entrepreneur assist you along your journey?\xa0In this episode I am going to share with you what running a multi-million dollar business at a young age has taught me.\xa0My intention for this episode is to help assist you in the process of achieving success in your journey of entrepreneurship.Here\'s what we will cover:Why I am of legal partying age, but am fully dialed into business.How I have established my top priorities at a young age through valuable lessons taught to me by mentors.\xa0How some of my biggest successes have resulted from my biggest failures***GIVEAWAY ENDS THIS TODAY***\xa0Have you entered?\xa0 Subscribe and leave a review for the chance to win...1st prize) VIP day with me to see how I run my business in one of my three locations2nd prize) One year access to my analyzer tool that will help you source products with ease and speed.3rd prize) Laws of Success and Speed Reading for Dummies - two books that fundamentally changed my life and business.I invite you to say hello at BeauCrabill.com | Have you ever wondered about drop shipping on Amazon?\xa0 My short piece of advice is...Don\'t.If you want to know my reasoning behind it, tune into this episode that I just released today. \xa0In 6 minutes, I am going to cover:What has better margins, drop shipping or wholesaling?Critical Amazon perks that are taken away from you when you drop shipWhy Amazon doesn\'t like drop-shippersWhy you will have to spend way more in advertising using other platforms like Shopify for drop shipping.***GIVEAWAY ENDS THIS WEEK***\xa0Have you entered?\xa0 Subscribe and leave a review for the chance to win...1st prize) VIP day with me to see how I run my business in one of my three locations2nd prize) One year access to my analyzer tool that will help you source products with ease and speed.3rd prize) Laws of Success and Speed Reading for Dummies - two books that fundamentally changed my life and business.There\'s still time to claim your entry for the giveaway, simply:1) Listen to this episode: 2) Leave a 5 star rating on the show3) Leave a review of your top takeaway from the episode with your instagram handle OR email address so that I may find you when you winMay the odds be in your favor! I invite you to say hello at BeauCrabill.com | Hey Amazon sellers, do you know what the 5 most profitable categories on Amazon are? \xa0In this episode I\'ll be covering one of them in depth and why millionaires on Amazon are extremely happy with their decision to sell this category.\xa0Here\'s what I dive into inside of the show:\xa0Why selling in this niche is incredibly scalable.The largest limiting factor when it comes to selling anything.How to lock in a niche that you are excited about, knowledgeable with, and has the potential for wild profits.To watch my video on the top five categories to sell on Amazon, simply click here.The giveaway is almost over... Have you entered?\xa0 Subscribe and leave a review for the chance to win...1st prize) VIP day with me to see how I run my business in one of my three locations2nd prize) One year access to my analyzer tool that will help you source products with ease and speed.3rd prize) Laws of Success and Speed Reading for Dummies - two books that fundamentally changed my life and business.I invite you to say hello at BeauCrabill.com | What\'s the difference in long term effect between buying and leasing on major purchases?In this episode you will learn an insider secrets on how to think about your money in the long term. \xa0Every financial decision holds great weight and it\'s important to utilize your hard earned cash in the best way possible.Here\'s what I share with you:All purchasing decisions have opportunity costsHow my friend Caleb taught me how to recognize opportunity costs and investment opportunitiesBy trying to buy one of the first Model 3 Teslas, I ended up spending more than I needed to and missed out on potential investment growthHave you entered the giveaway?\xa0 Subscribe and leave a review for the chance to win...1st prize) VIP day with me to see how I run my business in one of my three locations2nd prize) One year access to my analyzer tool that will help you source products with ease and speed.3rd prize) Laws of Success and Speed Reading for Dummies - two books that fundamentally changed my life and business.I invite you to say hello at BeauCrabill.com | In this episode, I am going share what I would do if Amazon went out of business.\xa0 Of course, when everything hits the fan, it\'s easy to claim a victim mindset and feel unsure of what the next move might be.\xa0But if my mentors taught me anything, it\'s that you\xa0Never.Stop.Moving. 🏃🏻\u200d♂️💨Here\'s what we cover:How to FIND & SORT through so many other cashflow alternativesEstablishing a good relationship with suppliers in any industryWhy suppliers prefer sellers like usThe misunderstanding with Amazon and eBay being competitorsThe one thing that will ALWAYS be an option if amazon crumblesHave you entered the giveaway?\xa0 Subscribe and leave a review for the chance to win...1st prize) VIP day with me to see how I run my business in one of my three locations2nd prize) One year access to my analyzer tool that will help you source products with ease and speed.3rd prize) Laws of Success and Speed Reading for Dummies - two books that fundamentally changed my life and business.I invite you to say hello at BeauCrabill.com | This business is an investment, but money should never be the issue.\xa0 In this episode I teach you how to look at money in a way that will save you in the long run.\xa0If you do not develop a positive relationship with money in small ways like going to the grocery store, it can lead to bigger slip-ups in the future like making bad business decisions or buying products that won\'t turn the maximum profit. \xa0Here\'s what we go over in the episode:\xa0• People often ask how to get started and more specifically how to raise money to be able to start selling on Amazon• To raise money, you have to be able to save money• The secret to saving is spending - or rather how to avoid spending your moneyHAVE YOU ENTERED THE GIVEAWAY?\xa0 SUBSCRIBE AND LEAVE A REVIEW FOR THE CHANCE TO WIN...1st prize) VIP day with me to see how I run my business in one of my three locations2nd prize) One year access to my analyzer tool that will help you source products with ease and speed.3rd prize) Laws of Success and Speed Reading for Dummies - two books that fundamentally changed my life and business.I invite you to say hello at BeauCrabill.com', 'chan_desc': 'The cycle of constricting financial education stops here.  Straight To The Point deconstructs the best and most current strategies on how to effectively sell inside the Amazon marketplace today. Millennials are “broke & uneducated” because they’ve used the same strategies and ways of thinking that the generations before them have used… and in today’s world, they don’t work.  My goal, is to break old habits and instill new beliefs and thought patterns for people who are ready for their next breakthrough in personal development and financial achievement.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/a3/0c/2c/a30c2c74-4867-1da4-6352-3c19c755cc61/mza_6271970382800658230.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-07-25'}}

{'Path to Mastery': {'title': 'Path to Mastery', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Path-to-Mastery-id120207', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'David I Hill', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 465, 'play_count': 12722, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://davidihillblog.com'], 'ep_total': 140, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:37:46', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:48:26', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:31:28', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:32:33', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:55:04', 0], ['2019-07-15', '00:43:18', 1], ['2019-07-01', '00:43:18', 0], ['2019-06-17', '00:49:00', 0], ['2019-06-03', '00:46:26', 0], ['2019-05-20', '00:42:10', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Chris grew up and still lives on the picturesque island of Newfoundland on the east coast of Canada. After consciously choosing entrepreneurship as a means to create a better life for his family, Chris realized that negative beliefs about sales were holding him back from taking his ventures to the next level. He saw this as a major hurdle to not only his businesses but the businesses of virtually every other entrepreneur. Chris went to work on himself and found a way to sell that felt right. Here are 4 simple ways to improve sales  Learn how to deal with rejection. Develop a vision for your future. Learn to be non-salesy. Tools to break out of a sales slump.  www.chrisspurvey.com \xa0\xa0\xa0chris@chrisspurvey.com \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ \xa0 Training Products www.thereluctantsalesperson.net \xa0 YouTube https://www.youtube.com/user/hillteam17 \xa0 Facebook – Please follow www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 LinkedIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidihill \xa0 http://davidihill.com | As technology disrupts the Real Estate industry the top agents are sticking with the fundamentals. Brian is a lead generation and numbers expert who runs a 100 million team with offices in multiple locations. Brian says you must understand numbers and metrics in order to grow a business. Here are 3 simple ways to stay relevant  Track everything you spend and do not spend it again until you see a return. Know your numbers for conversion on appointments and listings. Keep your eyes on the market and know when to change direction.  About Brian Gubernick  In 2007, Brian Gubernick launched his real estate sales career in joining Keller Williams Realty and co-founding his team, Homehelper Consultants. From its inception, HhC experienced a great deal of success, specializing in assisting homeowners in financial distress. From 2009 to 2011, Brian was ranked #1 in the Office, top 10 in Keller Williams\' Southwest Region (over 3,000 agents), and top 100 in the nation. Brian expanded Homehelper Consultants to Bellevue, WA in April 2011 and Portland, OR in February 2013. In November 2013, Brian and HhC extended its footprint to Oakland County, MI, and Las Vegas, NV. Homehelper Consultants is one of Keller Williams Realty\'s top producing teams in the world and was the 2015 recipient of Keller Williams\' Innovator Award, awarded to the company\'s top performing "Expansion" team. The team has also been recognized by Real Trends/Wall St. Journal as one of the nation\'s top 250 producing teams (out of 1.2 million Realtors) for the past 3 consecutive years. \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ \xa0 Training Products www.thereluctantsalesperson.net \xa0 YouTube https://www.youtube.com/user/hillteam17 \xa0 Facebook – Please follow www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 LinkedIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidihill \xa0 | As technology disrupts the Real Estate industry listen to these experts share how they continue to crush their business regardless. They share ideas on how and why we need to get back to the simple fundamentals. \xa0 Here are 3 simple ways to stay relevant  Be In-touch with our database and your circle of influence Offer the highest level of service possible Use the technology available to enhance the clients experience.  \xa0 Jason Abrams Jason Abrams is a leading expert in “all residential real estate related business.” Jason has over 18 years working experience in the residential real estate business and is a third-generation real estate professional. Past TV personality and sports athlete Jason now works directly with Gary Keller and the Keller Williams technology team. When I asked Jason his title, he said “Leadership knows no title.” \xa0 Aaron Kaufman  Former real estate agent turned Keller Williams Growth Coach. Passionate about growing Keller Williams Realty with quality talent and inspiring KW associates to do the same. Aaron now focuses on growing his passive income by sharing and teaching the Keller Williams Models.\xa0 \xa0 Tony Giordano  Giordano Industries is the umbrella company of various businesses ranging from consulting, training, education, marketing, advertising, real estate, finance, construction and development firms, that help many business professionals, companies, non-profits, development projects, and organizations across many industries grow their brands and productivity. Founder and President Tony Giordano began his career in the real estate industry, first in 1998, developing a vast knowledge in all aspects of the industry, from being a top mortgage broker and executive in real estate finance, to the sales side of the business as a top real estate agent in residential, commercial, investments, and development.\xa0 \xa0 Josh Anderson Top Producing team owner out of Nashville Tenn. Josh’s team will close upwards of 100 million in volume in 2019. Skilled in Negotiation, Luxury Goods, Budgeting, Sales, and Entrepreneurship. Strong entrepreneurship professional with a BS focused in International Business/Trade/Commerce from Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College. \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ \xa0 Training Products www.thereluctantsalesperson.net \xa0 YouTube https://www.youtube.com/user/hillteam17 \xa0 Facebook – Please follow www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 LinkedIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidihill | AJ is an expert at targeted advertising and building brand organically on LinkedIN. Hear the 3 ways to effectively use LinkedIN  Build a complete and impressive profile Do outreach in order to build your network Make contact which goes viral  AJ Wilcox -\xa0Founder B2Linked I started B2Linked.com, an agency that specializes in account management and consulting with LinkedIn Ads back in 2014. Our team now consists of 4 full-time ad experts and a small army of part-timers. Together, we manage the largest LinkedIn Ads accounts worldwide (as well as some of the smallest and everything in between). We\'re the only agency that\'s an official Certified LinkedIn Partner.  We make LinkedIn Ads both highly profitable and scalable.  I started B2Linked because I developed marketing strategies that all B2B companies can and should be taking advantage of. An agency was the best format to share those strategies, so B2Linked was born.  To date, we\'ve managed hundreds of LinkedIn Ads accounts, spent over $110M+ on the platform, and have managed 4 of LinkedIn\'s top 10 spenders. \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ \xa0 Training Products www.thereluctantsalesperson.net \xa0 YouTube https://www.youtube.com/user/hillteam17 \xa0 Facebook – Please follow www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 LinkedIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidihill \xa0 | Author and Podcaster since 2005, Dave Jackson shares how to effectively launch a podcast, grow an audience, bring value to your audience and grow your business at the same time. The 1st step is starting a podcast in an area where you have passion. The next step is determining your niche. Once you do those two things, be OK launching your podcast and realizing that you can’t please everyone. Be consistent with your content and make sure it adds value to your audience. Dave Jackson is an Award-winning Hall of Fame podcast consultant who started the School of Podcasting in 2005. He is the author of the book More Podcast Money and is a featured speaker at events  Dave’s podcast is called School of Podcasting and you can get access to a 20% off his services discount code by going to www.schoolofpodcasting.com/pathtomastery and using COUPON CODE: mastery \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ \xa0 Training Products www.thereluctantsalesperson.net \xa0 YouTube https://www.youtube.com/user/hillteam17 \xa0 Facebook – Please follow www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 LinkedIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidihill | Best Selling Author T. Harv Eker shares his strategies on becoming a millionaire by bringing service to the world and shares his insights from his book Secrets of the Millionaire Mind which everyone knows and his new book, The Good Millionaire. \xa0\xa0\xa0 When it comes to getting rich, most people pour their time, energy, and money into the wrong areas.\xa0Instead of focusing on the actions that will lead them down the path to becoming wealthy, unfortunately, they end up wasting their time and energy. If you haven’t been successful in what you want in life yet, chances are, you have done this, too. \xa0 The Good Millionaire: An extraordinary book to help you overcome your limiting believes, find a profitable business idea, and build true wealth by helping others. Harv is the author of Secrets of the Millionaire Mind. It has hit #1 Best Seller on the NY Times, Wall Street Journal, USA Today. In addition, he is also the founder of Peak Potentials Training Programs, one of the fastest growing ‘personal success’ training companies in North America.  His motto is ‘talk is cheap’ and his mission is to get people to take ‘action’ in the real world to produce real success.  Specialties: Public Speaker, Financial Freedom, Millionaire Mind Intensive, Success Resources, Reasons or Results Coaching, Training, Motivation \xa0 \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ \xa0 Training Products www.SchoolforRealtors.com \xa0 YouTube https://www.youtube.com/user/hillteam17 \xa0 Facebook – Please follow www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 LinkedIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidihill | Best Selling Author Nick Krautter shares the strategies on growing your Real Estate business, adopting a retiring agent’s business and having a plan to earn income for many years once you plan to step away.\xa0 \xa0 The perfect book for retiring agents looking to extract the most value from their business or for existing agents looking to exponentially grow their current business. Great client relationships are worth a fortune in the real estate business. But when agents retire, most of those fortunes are simply lost—until now. The Golden Handoff solves this problem. Do you want to grow your business? The Golden Handoff has a simple and proven plan to exponentially grow your business by adopting hundreds of clients from agents when they retire. Do you want to retire but can’t just walk away? The Golden Handoff shows you how to pick the right agent to adopt your clients and ensure you have income for years to come. Nick Krautter is a Realtor in Portland, Oregon, where he leads a team and frequently serves as a real estate expert for the media. Krautter is an avid golfer, writer, reader, and talker who enjoys all the food, drink, and adventures that can be found in the great Northwest. He is unusually tall and once lived on a sailboat. He loves his job and still gets up early, excited about what each day holds. \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ \xa0 Training Products www.SchoolforRealtors.com \xa0 YouTube https://www.youtube.com/user/hillteam17 \xa0 Facebook – Please follow www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 LinkedIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidihill | Best Selling Author Phil Jones shares the strategies on how and why his magic words work. Often the decision between a customer choosing you over someone like you is your ability to know exactly what to say, when to say it, and how to make it count. Phil M. Jones has trained more than two million people across five continents and over fifty countries in the lost art of spoken communication. In Exactly What to Say, he delivers the tactics you need to get more of what you want. Let’s face it, the success or failure of almost every human interaction is effected by the ability to choose the exact right words at the exact right time. Hard work, talent and perfect timing can all have great impact on your success, yet without the ability to steer a conversation and create an agreeable outcome so much effort is wasted. Phil’s unique philosophy of using specific word choices to teach his audiences “Exactly What To Say” in order to influence, persuade and drive outcomes, has made Phil one of the most practical and in-demand business speakers on the planet. Phil currently lives with his wife Charlotte between their homes in New York City and their retreat in the Buckinghamshire countryside, has two beautiful daughters and a rather surprising passion for Yoga. \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ www.SchoolforRealtors.com www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 | Thomas Murphy was born and raised in Philadelphia, PA. At 12-years of age Tom and his family relocated to Cooperstown, NY where he graduated from Cooperstown High School. Tom went on to graduate from The State University of New York at Brockport, where he graduated Summa Cum Laude in Human Psychology. Tom is currently a proud husband and father of four and resides in the city of St. Albans. Tom’s martial arts accomplishments began shortly after his move to St. Albans where he met and trained under the legendary Carlson Gracie and one of his most accomplished Black Belts, Julio Fernandez. Shortly after competing on an amateur level, Tom landed several big fights including a pay-for-view debut in King of The Cage’s (KOTC) “Payback.” Tom has also fought at the Trump Casino in Chicago and in Atlantic City. Tom then competed on Spike TV’s The Ultimate Fighter 2. The Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) called Tom shortly after the reality show and offered him a shot at fighting in UFC 58. Tom won his UFC debut fight with a TKO win over the Canadian World Heavy Weight Champion. What is Sweethearts and Heroes? A group of motivational speakers bringing a message of Sweethearts and Heroes to educate society about the impact bullying has on all of our schools, our neighborhoods, and individuals. Our unique perspective, action plan (for every member of the bullying cycle), and unmatched ignition to make change puts Sweethearts and Heroes at the top of the list when it comes to changing schools’ climates. We also deliver messages of bystander empowerment, empathy and leadership to all audiences, including K-12 students, colleges and universities, teaching professionals and corporations. Children, teachers, parents and all members of society need to know that we all have the potential to be someone’s Sweetheart and the power to be a Hero. \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ www.SchoolforRealtors.com www.facebook.com/pathtomastery \xa0 | A conversation on technology disruption in the real estate space, Zillow, Redfin and Remax partnership, the coming changes to real estate teams vs independent contractors and everything else under the sun regarding change! Author of the New York Times Best Selling Book -“6 steps to 7 figures, A Real Estate Professional’s Guide Building Wealth and Creating your Destiny.” Host of Real Estate Rockstars is a top-ranked, 3-day a week real estate podcast, hosted by billion dollar agent Pat Hiban, interviewing the best of the best in and around the real estate industry. After building a team of over 50 members and making millions in the Real Estate Sales World, Pat realized he had spent over two decades being led by mentors while growing very few mentees. \xa0 Subscribe in Apple Podcasts / iTunes \xa0 Please check out our sponsors www.vulcan7.com/pathtomastery/ www.SchoolforRealtors.com www.facebook.com/pathtomastery', 'chan_desc': 'Authentic, fun and Inspiring interviews with entrepreneurs, top sales people, industry experts, business coaches, sales trainers, really cool people who do great things and high level human beings! Get to know the real person, what makes them tick, what keeps them up at night and what they do to keep going forward when the going gets tough.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/04/ee/1c/04ee1c84-b547-e0c9-f80f-d143863dfd95/mza_2475559525287248151.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-01-30'}}

{'Brand Yourself': {'title': 'Brand Yourself', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Brand-Yourself-id1097801', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Blair Badenhop', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 173, 'play_count': 2587, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://blairbadenhop.com/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 89, 'recent_eps': [['2019-08-25', '00:10:51', 0], ['2019-08-18', '01:06:15', 0], ['2019-08-11', '01:09:53', 1], ['2019-08-04', '01:01:37', 0], ['2019-07-28', '01:13:17', 0], ['2019-07-21', '01:08:55', 0], ['2019-07-14', '01:02:41', 0], ['2019-07-07', '00:59:21', 0], ['2019-06-30', '01:11:26', 0], ['2019-06-23', '01:02:37', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In this special bonus episode, I talk about the exciting reason I’ve decided to take a hiatus from the show, when I’ll be back with new episodes, and where you can stay connected with me during the hiatus. I also talk about which episodes released in 2019 that I think you should revisit or be sure to listen to for the first time while waiting for new episodes. \xa0 To learn more about the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Alexandra Roxo is a transformational mentor, healer, and writer who is passionate about empowering women. In the episode, she shares why she was ashamed to call herself a coach, what inspired her to help women express their gifts, how doing deep inner work was key to becoming the kind of leader she needs to be to facilitate transformation for her clients, how she organically grew her business on Instagram, her trick for up-leveling in your life and business and charging what you’re worth, and more! \xa0 To learn more about Alexandra Roxo and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Erin Telford is a Breathwork facilitator and healer, acupuncturist, Reiki Master, herbalist, and a teacher of David Elliott's Level One Breathwork Healer Training. In the episode, she shares how a painful heartbreak led her to become an energy worker, how she bootstrapped her business by leveraging $40,000 in credit, what happened in year one that led her to a 6-figure income, how we can all leverage the tool of breathwork to step more fully into our gifts, creativity, success, and greatness, and more. \xa0 To learn more about Erin Telford and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Danielle Beinstein is a Psychological Astrologer who offers a unique blend of East and West coast sensibility, providing her clients with intuitive and pragmatic guidance as they navigate their life’s journey. In the episode, we discuss her shift from media, politics, and tech to astrology, how she integrates psychology and spirituality into her work, how she grew her business without any real marketing strategy, the effect having a near-death experience had on her business and personal life, and more! \xa0 To learn more about Danielle Beinstein and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Jesse Israel is a social entrepreneur, public speaker and meditation teacher who helps people become the leaders they’re meant to be. He founded the social meditation community Medi Club and the mass meditation movement The Big Quiet. In the episode, we chat about what it was like to transition out of the music industry and into meditation, why he has taken an “attraction” approach to building community, the stressful side of his entrepreneurial journey and the work he’s done to recover from burnout, and more. \xa0 To learn more about Jesse Israel and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Alisa Vitti is an integrative nutritionist, leading hormone expert, PERIOD COACH, the best-selling author of WomanCode, and the CEO behind FLOliving.com. In the episode, you'll hear her journey with PCOS, how she started her first business as a health coach, then founded a clinical practice, and then founded FLO Living, her experience as one of the first to start the conversation about women’s periods, what makes FLO Living unique from all other online destinations for women’s health, and more! \xa0 To learn more about Alisa Vitti and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Liz Moody is an author, editor, podcast host, and the former Food Director at Mindybodygreen. In this episode, we discuss how quitting her full-time job to write her first novel led her to the wellness industry, her insider tips for how to pitch an editor, how she juggled a demanding role at MBG while also growing her blog, starting a podcast, writing a book, and more, why it’s important to build genuine relationships and not approach networking in a transactional fashion, and more! \xa0 To learn more about Liz Moody and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Deborah Hanekamp is the creator of Mama Medicine, a healing center and digital platform where she facilitates Medicine Readings. In the episode, she shares why she was drawn to the spiritual and divine from a young age, how she funded her shamanic and medicine trainings in Thailand and Peru while running a yoga practice, the serendipitous moment with the New York Times that led to massive business growth and press, how she blends the world of business strategy with intuition, and more! \xa0 To learn more about Deborah Hanekamp and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Clara Artschwager is a Modern Dating & Partnership Coach who specializes in helping career-driven women shift their approach to pursuing long term partnership. In this episode, we discuss why she’s always been fascinated by relationships but was embarrassed by the desire to become a dating coach, what it was like to shift from a career in tech and cut her salary by 60%, how she landed writing gigs for major publications, why brands with small audiences are more likely to bring in clients, and more! \xa0 To learn more about Clara Artschwager and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram | Brittany Mullins is a holistic nutritionist and the mastermind behind Eating Bird Food, a wellness platform where she shares recipes, workouts, wellness articles, travel adventures, and more.  In this episode, Brittany shares what it was like to start a blog in 2008, the revenue streams that enabled her to turn her passion into her sole source of income, how her approach to content has played a role in reaching nearly 200,000 followers on Instagram, the launch strategy she swears by, and more! \xa0 To learn more about Brittany Mullins and the resources mentioned in this episode, visit the show notes. \xa0 Follow Me On: Facebook Instagram", 'chan_desc': 'If you’ve ever wondered what it really takes to become a successful entrepreneur in the wellness industry, grab your headphones and start listening. Brand Yourself is a show that gives you a behind the scenes look at what female business owners in the health, mindfulness, and personal growth space have done to build thriving businesses and stand out brands. Hosted by brand strategist, Blair Badenhop, you’ll hear guests reveal the up and down journeys to finding success and how they leveraged who they really are to carve out their spot in the industry. Tune in to discover how “being yourself” is the secret to captivating your audience, effective marketing and branding, and more.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e4/cd/da/e4cdda23-f0e1-1bf4-62ff-3b31bae7578e/mza_7662641350864850421.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-11-23'}}

{'The Secret Sauce': {'title': 'The Secret Sauce', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Secret-Sauce-id1323539', 'num_comments': 11, 'author': 'THE STANDARD', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 10203, 'play_count': 174116, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://thesecretsauce.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 162, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:44:49', 2], ['2019-10-01', '01:04:18', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:16:38', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:38:35', 2], ['2019-09-25', '00:22:51', 1], ['2019-09-24', '00:59:48', 1], ['2019-09-24', '00:29:36', 2], ['2019-09-19', '00:43:53', 8], ['2019-09-17', '00:46:21', 3], ['2019-09-16', '00:14:38', 3]], 'hover_text_concat': 'เราจำเป็นต้องมีทักษะรับมือกับความล้มเหลวไหม อายุของความรู้ที่สั้นลงหมายความว่าอย่างไร\xa0เคน นครินทร์ พูดคุยกับ ต้นสน-ดร.สันติธาร เสถียรไทย นักเศรษฐศาสตร์ภาคเทคโนโลยีแห่งเอเชีย, Group Chief Economist และหนึ่งในผู้บริหารของ Sea Group (Garena, Shopee และ AirPay) ที่มาแชร์ความรู้จากงานวิจัยรวมถึงทักษะการทำงานแห่งอนาคต | เราจะสร้างนวัตกรรมครั้งแล้วครั้งเล่าได้อย่างไร\xa0\xa0เราจะสร้างอนาคตให้กับบริษัทได้อย่างไร\xa0\xa0เราจะสร้างเทคโนโลยีให้เป็นของตัวเองได้อย่างไร\xa0\xa0เคน นครินทร์ คุยกับ สมโภชน์ อาหุนัย ประธานเจ้าหน้าที่ บริษัท พลังงานบริสุทธิ์ จำกัด มหาชน หรือ EA เพื่อหาคำตอบว่า เราจะสร้าง The New S-Curve ตลอดเวลาได้อย่างไร ทำอย่างไรให้เราเป็นผู้นำในอุตสาหกรรมของเราได้อย่างสม่ำเสมอและนำพาองค์กรไปในทิศทางเดียวกัน | ทำไมค่าเงินบาทถึงแข็งค่า แข็งที่สุดในรอบ 6 ปี และแข็งที่สุดในเอเชีย จะเกิดผลกระทบอะไรขึ้นบ้าง เงินบาทแข็งดีหรือไม่ดี\xa0\xa0เคน นครินทร์ ชวน เป็นหลิว-ชุตินันท์ สงวนประสิทธิ์ นักข่าวเศรษฐกิจประจำ THE STANDARD มาร่วมพูดคุยและวิเคราะห์สถานการณ์ รวมถึงให้คำแนะนำสำหรับนักธุรกิจและผู้ประกอบการ ใน The Secret Sauce: Executive Espresso | การพัฒนาตนเองคืออะไรคำถามที่ทุกองค์กรต่างพยายามหาคำตอบ เพื่อพาพนักงานเข้าสู่กระบวนการเรียนรู้และพัฒนาตนเอง ทำให้มีบุคลากรที่เก่งขึ้น ดีขึ้น มีความรู้มากขึ้น แต่หลายคนยังขาดความเข้าใจที่แท้จริงถึงหัวใจสำคัญที่ว่า ถ้าอยากให้การเรียนรู้ได้ผลดี ต้องมีการเปลี่ยนแปลงที่ชัดเจน The Secret Sauce เอพิโสดนี้ เคน นครินทร์ คุยกับ จี๊ด-ปัทมาวลัย รัตนพล (Chief People Officer, Minor International & Minor Food) | บริษัท แอสเสท เวิรด์ คอร์ป จำกัด (มหาชน) หรือ AWC หนึ่งในธุรกิจหลักของเจ้าสัวเจริญ สิริวัฒนภักดี กับการเตรียม IPO เข้าสู่ตลาดหลักทรัพย์ ที่คาดกันว่าจะระดมทุนได้ถึง 4.8 หมื่นล้านบาท น่าจะเป็นเม็ดเงิน IPO ที่ใหญ่ที่สุดในรอบ 5-6 ปี และจะส่งผลต่อตลาดหลักทรัพย์เป็นอย่างมาก\xa0\xa0เคน นครินทร์ ชวน นิค-ถนัดกิจ จันกิเสน นักข่าวเศรษฐกิจของ THE STANDARD มาวิเคราะห์และสรุปความน่าสนใจของเรื่องนี้ ในพอดแคสต์ The Secret Sauce: Executive Espresso | การสร้างแบรนด์ในยุคนี้ควรทำอย่างไร ทำไมการคำนึงแค่ยอดขายอย่างเดียวถึงไม่พออีกต่อไป ทำไมความยั่งยืนถึงเป็นไฟต์บังคับ และเราจะเริ่มต้นสร้างแบรนด์ได้อย่างไร\xa0\xa0เคน นครินทร์ คุยกับ อาร์ม-ปิยะชาติ อิศรภักดี ซีอีโอแห่ง BRANDi ผู้เขียนหนังสือ BRANDING 4.0 และลูกศิษย์โดยตรงของ ฟิลิป คอตเลอร์ บิดาแห่งการตลาดยุคสมัยใหม่\xa0\xa0พบกับ ฟิลิป คอตเลอร์ ในงาน World Marketing Summit Asia 2019 ภายใต้ธีม Forget Ex-Growth, Focus Next-Growth วันจันทร์ที่ 7 ตุลาคม พ.ศ. 2562 ณ โรงแรมสยามเคมปินสกี้ งานนี้มีเปิดตัวดัชนีชี้วัดใหม่ครั้งแรกของโลกที่ชื่อว่า ‘Better World Index’\xa0พิเศษสำหรับแฟนรายการ The Secret Sauce รับส่วนลด 15% เพียงใช้ Promo Code: STDWMS ซื้อบัตรได้ที่ tickettail.com/wmsasia2019/ | ทำไมการท่องเที่ยวถึงเป็นหัวใจหลักของเศรษฐกิจไทย เคน นครินทร์ ชวนคุยถึงภาพรวมการท่องเที่ยวประเทศไทย แผนของภาครัฐที่กำลังดำเนินการ และนักธุรกิจและผู้ประกอบการไทยควรปรับตัวอย่างไร ในพอดแคสต์ The Secret Sauce: Executive Espresso | อยากเติบโตในหน้าที่การงานต้องทำอย่างไร คนวัยทำงานมักตั้งคำถามเรื่องนี้กับตัวเองอยู่เสมอ อีก 5 ปีข้างหน้าจะเติบโตไปในทิศทางไหน อาชีพที่ทำอยู่ใช่ทางที่ชอบหรือยัง อยากขึ้นเป็นตำแหน่งหัวหน้า หรือเป็น Specialist ในด้านนั้นๆ ในขณะเดียวกับผู้บริหารก็ต้องคิดเรื่องนี้ให้ลูกน้องเช่นกัน เพื่อรักษาคนเก่งๆ เอาไว้ และทำให้องค์กรพัฒนาไปไม่หยุดนิ่งThe Secret Sauce เอพิโสดนี้ เคน นครินทร์ ชวน จี๊ด-ปัทมาวลัย รัตนพล (Chief People Officer, Minor International & Minor Food) มาคุยเรื่องโอกาสในการเติบโตของคนทำงาน | อะไรคือหัวใจสำคัญของผู้นำในยุคศตวรรษที่ 21 ยุคที่เต็มไปด้วยการแข่งขัน การเปลี่ยนแปลง และความรวดเร็ว The Secret Sauce เอพิโสดนี้ เคน นครินทร์ คุยกับ ต่าย-ชนัญญารักษ์ เพ็ชร์รัตน์ Managing Director แห่ง DHL Express International ประเทศไทย ต่าย ชนัญญารักษ์ คือผู้อยู่เบื้องหลังเรื่องราวของ DHL Express มากว่า 10 ปี ผ่านร้อนหนาวตั้งแต่ช่วงวิกฤต จนถึงวันที่ประสบความสำเร็จ ปัจจุบันสามารถต่อกรกับคู่แข่งได้หลายเจ้า เป็นที่ยอมรับของลูกค้าบริษัทยักษ์ใหญ่ ทำกำไรติดต่อกันหลายปี และคิดค้นบริการใหม่ที่ชื่อ iExpressByDHL ได้อีกด้วย\xa0พิเศษสำหรับผู้ฟัง The Secret Sauce รับส่วนลดพิเศษ 200 บาทในการส่งเอกสารหรือพัสดุไปต่างประเทศ ผ่าน iExpressByDHL ใช้ Promo Code SECRET200 ผ่านลิงก์\xa0bit.ly/2ZfFSR5\xa0ตั้งแต่วันนี้ถึง 31 ตุลาคม 2562 | เคน นครินทร์ สรุป 10 เมกะเทรนด์เทคโนโลยีอัจฉริยะในทุกอุตสาหกรรมทั่วโลกจนถึงปี 2025 การใช้งาน AI, 5G, หุ่นยนต์ในบ้าน Smart Home รวมถึงผู้ช่วยส่วนตัวอัจฉริยะ (Smart Assistant) โดยคาดการณ์จากรายงานวิสัยทัศน์อุตสาหกรรมทั่วโลก หรือ GIV', 'chan_desc': 'The Secret Sauce พอดแคสต์ที่ว่าด้วยการถอดรหัสความสำเร็จของแบรนด์ไทย นักธุรกิจไทย หรือผู้ที่อยู่เบื้องหลังความสำเร็จต่างๆ ดำเนินรายการโดย เคน-นครินทร์ วนกิจไพบูลย์ บรรณาธิการบริหารสำนักข่าว THE STANDARD', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/cf/5f/21/cf5f218e-a2d6-dd58-babd-cc09a62cc60f/mza_8482694397639312621.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-08-05'}}

{'"Living Fearlessly" with Lisa McDonald': {'title': '"Living Fearlessly" with Lisa McDonald', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/"Living-Fearlessly"-with-Lisa-McDonald-id1431966', 'num_comments': 25, 'author': 'C-Suite Radio', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 43, 'play_count': 502, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://c-suitenetwork.com/radio/shows/living-fearlessly-lisa-mcdonald/'], 'ep_total': 237, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:57:04', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:56:34', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:59:29', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:59:21', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:59:50', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:58:48', 1], ['2019-08-30', '00:54:06', 0], ['2019-08-23', '00:57:46', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:52:11', 0], ['2019-08-09', '00:51:13', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': '\xa0Have you ever heard of a Forgiveness Expert? Do you actually know a Forgiveness Expert? Could we not all benefit from a Forgiveness Expert? Super excited and immensely grateful to be showcasing the FIRST EVER, Forgiveness Expert Guest on Living Fearlessly with Lisa McDonald - Reverend Misty Tyme! A Not-To-Be-Missed Show on C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network!! Misty Tyme is an author, speaker, trainer, forgiveness expert, certified death doula, interfaith reverend and creator of The Forgiveness Algorithm™. Her mission is clear: to bring a forgiveness tool to a cynical world that is craving a way to let go of pain and anger. Armed with the motto that “forgiveness is the link between love and healing,” she believes when we practice forgiveness, we make room in our hearts for more love and kindness. With a gift for opening hearts through her humorous and touching stories, Misty Tyme is known for uplifting and enlightening audiences from big stages to small groups across the U.S. through her keynote talks, presentations and workshops Connect with Misty Time by emailing her at misty@mistytyme.com, find her on the internet at mistytyme.com, facebook @RevMisty, Instagram @misty_tyme, Linkedin Misty Tyme and twitter @Rev_Misty_Tyme. To reach her via phone, please call (877) 77-FORGIVE.Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures #JimBritt #KevinHarrington #GoldsmithStakeholderCenteredCoaching #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlessly https://livingfearlesslywithlisa.com/event/forgiveness-solution-rev-misty-tyme/Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | Tired Of Sounding Pitchy or Feeling Salesy? Then It’s Time To “Ditch The Pitch & Start Connecting!” Founder and CEO, Laura Templeton, of 30 Second Success, will be joining me on the global airwaves to share, “Why It’s About You, But It’s Not About You!” A Not-To-Be-Missed Show on my C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network!! Laura Templeton is the Founder and CEO of 30 Second Success, a company helping entrepreneurs, professionals, and sales teams make better connections and obtain more business in 30 seconds or less. The foundation of 30 Second Success is built on crafting 30 second messages that connect on an emotional level for clients to use for networking and video. As an entrepreneur, connector, speaker, author, writer, wordsmith, creative soul, network and branding specialist, coach, mentor, friend to many, wife, mother, and a woman of faith Laura believes in the power of building others up. She is passionate about helping everyone find their personal message and giving them a voice in order to be heard. With over 15 years of sales training, personal development, coaching and networking, Laura understands the countless benefits of building relationships through networking. She developed her niche business based on a deep need she saw within the networking community, the need for people to create a clear, concise, confident message that connects with your ideal clients. Laura’s ability to connect with her clients and come away with a clear understanding of what they do gives her the ability to create very powerful branded messages that bring more business to her clients. She believes that when you begin to connect on an emotional level and really understand who your client is and what they need, that’s when the true magic happens. As a professional speaker for organizations and associations she educates audiences on how to craft an attention getting messaging, build better connections, and use networking as a marketing strategy. Smart business owners hire her to educate their workforce on how to deliver the company message and turn everyday conversations into more business. Laura says, “It’s not about pitching. You can “pitch” all day long, get the ball across the plate every time, but if the batter never hits it there’s no connection. In business you need to connect, not just throw stuff in the air and hope something happens.” So, if you’re ready to “Ditch the Pitch, and Start Connecting!”™, if you need a message your team can stand behind with confidence, connect with Laura today at 30SecondSuccess.com. \xa0Ditch the Pitch and Start Connecting!”™ – Laura Templeton –\xa0 http://30SecondSuccess.comUplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures #JimBritt #KevinHarrington #GoldsmithStakeholderCenteredCoaching #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyLearn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | Do you believe in the old adage, “You have to believe it to see it?” If so, do you believe in Guardian Angels? Whether you do or whether you do not – this weeks’ Living Fearlessly with Lisa McDonald show guest, Alvin Avery, will be joining us to discuss her up-close encounter and personal experience with her own Guardian Angel! A Not-To-Be-Missed Show on C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network!! Alvin Avery, MDiv Harvard University, is a Canadian-born, American writer who spent a little over a decade living in Bulgaria. In 2008, seven years into overcoming an abusive marriage, near death and divorce, Alvin had a mystical experience one evening while vacationing at Katarino Spa in Razlog, Bulgaria. During this experience, Alvin saw a vision of her guardian angel in their true, heavenly form. 2008 was a significant year for Alvin because she also had a vision of the Holy Spirit who guided her in writing her ‘twin,’ seminal books: Zion, the Holy City of God and Armageddon, the Fate of the Lofty Nation and Beyond. Although Alvin had studied theology at Harvard Divinity School and knew about angels theoretically, the mystical experience provided an entirely different understanding. It was a real encounter—a real angel—where the rubber meets the road, so to speak. Alvin then started to communicate telepathically with her guardian angel desiring to deepen her understanding. At one point, Alvin was so eager to see her angel again that she set out on a bitterly cold winter day, walking all over the town of Kostenets, Bulgaria and getting lost in the back roads, close to the forest. Alvin then understood that angels don’t appear when you want them to, they appear when they want to. It was in Kostenets that Alvin saw her guardian angel in human form for the first time. She learned that angels, who reside in the fourth dimension, do so using ‘projected thought-consciousness.’ Alvin then proceeded to document—in thousands of pages, tens of thousands of words and crude illustrations—the angelic manifestations she saw in journals that became books.\xa0 Although everyone can see angels in human form, we can only recognize them as such with our hearts and through our faith. Alvin’s books—eBook and Paperback—can be purchased and reviewed online on Amazon here and on AskDavid here. Alvin Avery welcomes serious offers from traditional publishers and can be contacted here, alvin@alvinavery.com. Today, Alvin lives in Toronto, Ontario where she works as a part-time chaplain in a retirement community. Alvin has written a total of 19 books thus far, enjoys writing spiritual books, and was previously interviewed under her real name by Lisa McDonald of Living Fearlessly with Lisa McDonald on live radio in February 2019. Alvin’s deepest hope is that God blesses you and that you see angels. Alvin Avery, ‘Angel Author.’Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures #JimBritt #KevinHarrington #GoldsmithStakeholderCenteredCoaching #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyLearn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | Imagine transplanting yourself into a new country, not knowing the language, with only $2.00 in your pocket, and transforming yourself from being impoverished to a self-made, successful entrepreneur! How was that even remotely possible for Riadh Hamdi? Tune in to Living Fearlessly with Lisa McDonald to discover the why, the what, and the how! A NOT TO BE MISSED SHOW\xa0 on C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network! Riadh Hamdi is an entrepreneur, health and fitness consultant, speaker, and author. He first discovered his passion for helping others when he became a personal trainer in his native country of Tunisia. Determined to create a better life for himself, Riadh came to the United States in 2000 with only $2 in his pocket.” Today, he owns a chain of juice bars in Southern California, as well as a line of activewear and a brand of water. He loves his life and the many opportunities he finds to help others pursue their own dreams. Riadh currently lives in Long Beach, California, with his wife Amy, two daughters, Madilyn and Addison.Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures #JimBritt #KevinHarrington #GoldsmithStakeholderCenteredCoaching #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyhttps://livingfearlesslywithlisa.com/event/2-american-dream-with-riadh-hamdi/Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | Super excited and immensely grateful to be interviewing a first ever, Guinness Book of World Records…Record Holder on Living Fearlessly with Lisa McDonald! Howard Berg is recognized as the world’s fastest reader and is established as a leader in brain-based learning having grossed over 65 Million Dollars for one of his many internationally renowned programs! Another not-to-be-missed global radio/podcast guest this week on\xa0 C-Suite Radio / C-Suite NetworkHoward Berg’s research into techniques for harnessing the power of the mind enabled him to pioneer his methods for reading over 25,000 words per minute (once considered quite impossible), writing over 100 words per minute, and for advanced problem-solving strategies. The Guinness Book of World Records published Berg’s claim as the world’s fastest reader in their 1990 issue, the only year they distinguished this honor. Howard’s accomplishments have attracted wide attention from both the media and the academic community, enabling him to appear on over 1000 radio and television programs and spurring feature stories in major newspapers across the country. Howard is in high demand throughout North America, showing executives, instructors, staff and students in corporations, government agencies, universities, and schools how to reach their true learning potential. In a time of specialization, Berg is one of those rare individuals possessing skills in a wide variety of areas. Trained in Psychobiology, Berg spent 10 years as an officer in an electrical construction corporation, 10 years as an educator, and 18 years as a public speaker. He understands the challenges of today’s information-rich work environment and teaches the techniques to enable your staff to rise to the top.\xa0Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures #JimBritt #KevinHarrington #GoldsmithStakeholderCenteredCoaching #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyhttps://livingfearlesslywithlisa.com/event/double-your-productivity-howard-berg/Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | What an honour and a privilege to have received the request from Kyle Cease and Hay House for Kyle to once again be showcased on Living Fearlessly with Lisa McDonald! This time to talk about his amazing book, “The Illusion Of Money.” Kyle is known on the international stage for his brilliance as a comedian and as a transformation speaker! Kyle has appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, Chelsea Lately, and many others this week on\xa0C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network With two #1 Comedy Central specials to his credit, comedian and transformational speaker Kyle Cease is a New York Times, USA Today, and Wall Street Journal best-selling author, igniting sold-out audiences at his Evolving Out Loud events with his unique blend of comedy and personal evolution. He has been a guest speaker at thousands of colleges, summits, and Fortune 500 conferences, including Agape International, GATE, Revelations, the Sun Valley Wellness Festival, Sedona World Wisdom Days, and the Longevity Now Conference. In addition to leading his own live events, he has spoken with renowned teachers like Eckhart Tolle, Jim Carrey, Michael Beckwith, Tony Robbins, Deepak Chopra, Marianne Williamson, and Louie Anderson. He has made more than 100 various TV and movie appearances, including 10 Things I Hate About You, Not Another Teen Movie, Jimmy Kimmel Live, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, Chelsea Lately, The Martin Short Show, Comics Unleashed, and numerous VH1 shows.Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures #JimBritt #KevinHarrington #GoldsmithStakeholderCenteredCoaching #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyhttps://livingfearlesslywithlisa.com/event/illusion-of-money-kyle-cease/Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | It is always a pleasure to interview fellow authors, and women entrepreneurs! I am grateful to my friend and mentoring client, Marni Allison, for graciously setting my connection with Heather in motion and for making this upcoming interview even possible! Women supporting women by paying it forward and being of service to others is always so greatly appreciated by me! A NOT TO BE MISSED SHOW\xa0on\xa0C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network Host Page! Heather Andrews is a visibility strategist, publisher, 8 x time best selling author on Amazon. After starting over after a job restructuring in 2015, Heather believes everyone has a story to share to help inspire others. She helps individuals grow their influence with power of story and podcasting. Heather published over 90 amazon best selling authors under the Follow It Thru Publishing label. She believes in the power of story and reinvention of self and has inspired many to believe the same.Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures\xa0 #JimBritt\xa0 #KevinHarrington\xa0 #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyLearn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | When the pressure is on, great coaches remain laser-focused, confident, and fully in charge of their roster. They’re the same way when it comes to developing strategies and game plans to succeed. In short, they always win because they have a superior decision-making process. When you have everything in place to make quick, accurate calls in the toughest of situations, you have what you need to dominate your industry. Returning guest, friend, mentor, and colleague, Dave Meltzer, will be discussing his most recent book, Game-Time Decision Making, which provides the tools we all need to up our decision-making game and build a championship-level business. From creating and utilizing the best tactics and strategies to leading your company through times of change, Game-Time Decision making is the playbook for positioning yourself for success. Super excited and immensely grateful for round 2 with this awesome spitfire on\xa0C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network Host Page! Dave Meltzer is the CEO of Sports 1 Marketing, a Forbes “Top 10 Keynote Speaker“, award-winning humanitarian, and two-time national best-selling author, with 25 years of experience as an entrepreneur and executive in the legal, technology, sports, and entertainment fields. With expertise across many industry verticals, he is uniquely positioned as a world-renowned thought leader, business strategist and leading humanitarian. Dave has created a platform that allows him to communicate with everyone from college students to c-suite executives by using his principles for business and life: gratitude, empathy, accountability, and effective communication. Utilizing these four principles every day allows Dave to live by his mission, “make a lot of money, help a lot of people, and have a lot of fun.” Game-Time Decision Making provides everything you need to up your decision-making game and build a championship-level business. From creating and utilizing the best tactics and strategies to leading your company through times of change, Game-Time Decision Making is the playbook for positioning yourself for success.Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures\xa0 #JimBritt\xa0 #KevinHarrington\xa0 #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyhttps://livingfearlesslywithlisa.com/event/overtime-game-time-decisions-dave-meltzer/Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | I love interviewing fellow radio broadcasters, especially when they are veterans at it, and also happen to be my business partner, to boot! Al Cole from CBS Radio, came out of the womb already destined for living a life committed to servant leadership! Such an honour and an immense privilege to be on this incredible journey with the one and only…AL COLE! A NOT TO BE MISSED SHOW\xa0 that you can listen live to at 11 am Eastern Time here – https://www.ctrnetwork.com/lisamcdonald and you can find all links following live shows on my C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network Host Page! Al is a 10 year veteran CBS Radio broadcaster. With the support of his extensive national contacts of publicists, book publishers and agents, Al successfully launched his own Al Cole / People of Distinction Broadcasting Network! The PEOPLE OF DISTINCTION phenomenon to honor our Human Family: The LOVE we sow in our professional work is the LOVE we reap throughout our Human Consciousness! National professionals and community leaders speaking about how their achievements have helped to elevate our Human Family. Al is the CEO of the People of Distinction Humanitarian Foundation which has launched the national awards event “The People of Distinction Humanitarian Awards”. A groundbreaking event throughout the country honoring humanitarian & creative “Unsung Heroes” who are lending a helping hand to our Human Family. He is an Author, Speaker, Singer: Published by the prestigious “Chicken Soup for the Soul”. Al Cole is a top rated Communications Specialist: Al has helped hundreds get their professional & creative messages up to speed by helping them to answer their two most important questions: what is it that they really want to say? And how can they best say it? ~ Al Cole is a national Voice-Over Artist: Choose Al to be THE VOICE for your Business Advertisements, Media Shows, Narratives & Audio Books; Call Al today at 508-669-6987 & see if you like what you hear. Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures\xa0 #JimBritt\xa0 #KevinHarrington\xa0 #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyhttps://livingfearlesslywithlisa.com/event/people-of-distinction-with-al-cole/Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices | How does a first generation immigrant from Egypt who suffered from social anxiety and autoimmune based health issues, go from suicidal idealization to founding one of the biggest servers on the planet, at only age 15? What life lessons and soul-filled epiphany did Mark Metry consciously tap into, in order to transcend the entire trajectory of his life as a (now) Public Figure, Successful Entrepreneur, a Podcaster who interviews heavy hitter notables, and a regularly sought out Speaker? How did ‘Mr. Invisible,’ morph into thee guy who could grow company websites to reach millions of users? Living Fearlessly with Lisa McDonald will be joined by SUPERSTAR, Mark Metry on C-Suite Radio / C-Suite Network! Mark Metry is the Founder of VU Dream, a marketing & brand agency founded and operating in Boston, Massachusetts working with startups, individuals & corporations to help customers imagine new future realities in the fields of emerging technology like virtual reality and podcasting. Mark is also the Host of the Global Top 100 podcast called Humans 2.0featured by Forbes, NASDAQ and Yahoo Finance as the “Top 21 Growing Podcasts you must listen to in 2019.” Mark‘s show has been listened to over 4 million times and features the greatest leaders of our time and frequently converses with Billionaires, Professional Athletes, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalists and New York Times Bestselling authors exploring today’s dynamic of the human experience in modern technological times of 2019.Uplifting you to fear less and to live more! #Grateful #Radio #Podcasts #CSuiteRadio #CSuiteNetwork #CTRN #HaltonHonda #Forever #AHAthat #VRRMediaProductions #CrackingTheRichCode #BrittVentures\xa0 #JimBritt\xa0 #KevinHarrington\xa0 #Entrepreneurs #LivingFearlesslyhttps://livingfearlesslywithlisa.com/event/technological-self-development-mark-metry/Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices', 'chan_desc': '“Living Fearlessly” with Lisa McDonald explores the obstacles and challenges that hold people back from leading happy, successful, and abundant lives. The show seeks to inspire and empower listeners to break the cycle of negative thoughts and actions that prevent them from reaching their goals. Each week, Lisa interviews newsmakers, entrepreneurs, motivational coaches, entertainers, athletes, philanthropists, activists and authors who embody what it is to “live fearlessly” and thrive. Guests and host share personal experiences and tips in frank, open discussion.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/09/b3/f6/09b3f663-2f1a-aa59-6b63-25e7adb2cf56/mza_3933122925032976896.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-03-17'}}

{'بصراحة': {'title': 'بصراحة', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/بصراحة-id2277432', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'محتوايز', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 611, 'play_count': 2878, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://besarahah.fireside.fm'], 'ep_total': 7, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-26', '00:58:49', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:50:48', 0], ['2019-07-25', '00:46:14', 1], ['2019-07-04', '00:59:25', 0], ['2019-05-26', '00:47:45', 0], ['2019-05-12', '00:53:36', 0], ['2018-12-01', '00:41:55', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'يدور حوار الحلقة عن ماضي ومستقبل أرامكس، وخطط التوظيف الجديدة، ومغامرات أحمد مرعي في أرامكس 🧡الحلقة من إنتاج محتوايزhttps://twitter.com/Mohtwizewww.mohtwize.com | يدور حوار الحلقة عن ازدياد الفعاليات والإستثمار في مجال الترفيه، وعن صعوبة الدخول في هذا المجالأيضا تحدث عبادة عن التحديات والمستقبل لهذا القطاعتم انتاج الحلقة بواسطة محتوايزtwitter.com/Mohtwizeباقات زين أعمالhttp://bit.ly/2zqqOBy | قمنا بدعوة المستمعين للحضور لفعالية تسجيل حلقة بودكاست بصراحة مع خنساء أبوناجي، حيث دار الحوار عن شركات التصميم والتسويق، والمشاكل والحلول في هذا المجال. أيضا تم الحديث عن المرأة ودورها في سوق العمل \xa0 تم إنتاج الحلقة بواسطة محتوايز twitter.com/Mohtwize باقات زين أعمال www.sa.zain.com/autoforms/portal/…es_postpaid_plans \xa0 حساب خنساء أبوناجي https://twitter.com/kabunaji حساب شركة مشبك https://twitter.com/MeshbakStudio حساب بودكاست بصراحة https://twitter.com/BeSarahah | يدور حوار الحلقة عن حياة المستشارين في عملهم و الضغوط التي تواجههم كمستشارين\xa0 كما ايضا تتطرق الحلقة عن اتجاه الحكومة في الاستثمار في الشركات الاستشارية\xa0 \xa0 تم انتاج الحلقة بواسطة محتوايز\xa0 twitter.com/Mohtwize باقات زين أعمال www.sa.zain.com/autoforms/portal/…es_postpaid_plans \xa0 | يدور حوار الحلقة عن اختيار التخصص المناسب لطلبة المرحلة الثانوية. تغيير التخصص ومدى اثره، و تأثير الجامعة في صقل مواهب الطالب و نضجه المهني \xa0 يدور حوار الحلقة عن اختيار التخصص المناسب لطلبة المرحلة الثانوية. تغيير التخصص ومدى اثره، و تأثير الجامعة في صقل مواهب الطالب و نضجه المهني \xa0 تم إنتاج الحلقة بواسطة محتوايز\xa0 \xa0 https://twitter.com/Mohtwize \xa0 باقات زين أعمال \xa0  https://www.sa.zain.com/autoforms/portal/site/business/mobilityservices/businessespostpaid_plans \xa0 حساب دكتور أمجد جنباز https://twitter.com/dramjadj \xa0 المصادر المذكورة في الحلقة مقياس الميول المهنية مقياس الميول المهنية جرب المقياس العربي للميول المهني ACIA واكتشف ميولك جرب المقياس العربي للذكاءات المتعددة AMIAS واكتشف قدراتك Holland Code Career Test  https://www.truity.com/test/holland-code-career-test https://www.iktshaf.com/quizes/amias https://www.iktshaf.com/quizes/acia  https://www.qiyas.sa/ar/Exams/CommStandards/Pages/Professional.aspx  | تحدث محمد الرزاز مع عبدالرحمن أبومالح عن ضعف الصحافة العربية، والمحتوى العربي، ومنتجات ثمانية\xa0 \xa0 تم إنتاج الحلقة بواسطة محتوايز\xa0 https://twitter.com/Mohtwize باقات زين أعمال  https://www.sa.zain.com/autoforms/portal/site/business/mobility_services/businesses_postpaid_plans \xa0 عبدالرحمن أبومالح\xa0 https://twitter.com/abumalih \xa0 | نحدث محمد الرزاز في هذه الحلقة عن رحلته في خسارة الوزن والقيام بعملية التكميم الحديث عن خسارة الوزن كان بصراحة وبدون اخفاء لأي جانب سلبي لعملية التكميم وخسارة الوزن \xa0 تويتر https://twitter.com/mdarrab https://twitter.com/Malrazaz \xa0 الإنتاج الصوتي والتسجيل من محتوايز https://twitter.com/Mohtwize Audio@Mohtwize.com', 'chan_desc': 'بودكاست عفوي من تقديم محمد الرزاز.. نتكلم عن مواضيع مختلفة بصراحة ! من ريادة الأعمال إلى المحتوى العربي إلى غيرها من المواضيعمن إنتاج محتوايز', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/8e/ce/d7/8eced72d-76b5-8afd-f684-4c63261a4ddc/mza_8645896905329401258.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-12-01'}}

{'Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show': {'title': 'Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Bootstrapping-Your-Dreams-Show-id2212116', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Manuj Aggarwal', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3091, 'play_count': 21100, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/manujagg', 'https://www.facebook.com/tetranoodletech', 'https://www.instagram.com/tetranoodle', 'https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAiIK20nDamhq70NMnLG8wA', 'https://www.tetranoodle.com/'], 'ep_total': 99, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:36:34', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:36:55', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:36:50', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:36:46', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:35:01', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:32:10', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:34:13', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:33:24', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:32:15', 0], ['2019-09-22', '00:45:38', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Tommy Maloney and Manuj Aggarwal\xa0talk about how to overcome complicated situations and start a personal project to help other people.\xa0What are you waiting for?\xa0Tune In Now!\xa0In this episode, we will learn about:\xa0How to learn from bad experiencesSetting your mindset and creating positive energyImportance of reaching out to people and asking for helpHow to find your purpose in lifeHow to cope with adverse events in lifeCommon mistakes people make when going through tragedy\xa0About Tommy Maloney\xa0·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Education:\xa0Tommy Maloney holds a Bachelor of Science, Communications of Technology, Communications, and Radio Broadcasting from the University of Phoenix.\xa0·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Experience:\xa0He is currently working as a TEDx Speaker.·\xa0\xa0\xa0Accomplishments:\xa0Hosting his podcast called "Blending the Family," Writing three self-help books.\xa0·\xa0\xa0\xa0Obstacles Overcame:\xa0Going through the divorce and turning a difficult situation into a project to help parents.\xa0Links And Mentions From This Episode:\xa0\xa0Tommy\'s Website:\xa0\xa0http://blendingthefamily.com/TetraNoodle consulting services: http://innerget.comTetraNoodle professional training: https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!\xa0Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section!\xa0Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!"\xa0 | Manuj Aggarwal and David Bain will be talking about digital marketing which includes how to publish a book and build a personal brand through podcasting.What are you waiting for? Tune In Now! In this episode, we will learn about:·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0What is digital marketing·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0The key disciplines of digital marketing·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Using appropriate digital marketing channels for your business·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Podcasting as a channel to digital marketing·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Publishing and distribution of your podcast·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Key characteristics a podcast should have to gain audience·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Process of producing a podcast·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Choosing right guests for your podcast·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Fitting your podcast show to your business model·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Typical mistakes that digital marketing entrepreneurs do·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Organizing and hosting web summitsAbout David BainDavid Bain is a digital marketing trainer and a podcast host, having published his first podcast episode way back in 2006. Since then, David has interviewed over 500 digital marketing experts, and edited every single podcast episode himself!Links and Mentions From This Episode:·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidbain/·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Twitter: @DavidBain·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Websites: \xa0https://www.digitalmarketingradio.com/·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0TetraNoodle consulting services:\xa0http://innerget.com·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0TetraNoodle professional training:\xa0https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!\xa0Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section!\xa0Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!" | \xa0John Waid and\xa0Manuj Aggarwal\xa0discuss culture-driven entrepreneurship and its importance in this brand new episode of\xa0Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show.\xa0What are you waiting for?\xa0Tune In Now!\xa0In this episode, we will learn about:\xa0· What is corporate culture· What is culture-driven entrepreneurship· Differences between culture, identity, and brand· Why is it important employee retention· How to create values that aligns with your goals· KISS principle to generate values for your organization.\xa0· Launching your first business· Typical mistakes entrepreneurs do· Practicing habits to success\xa0About John Waid\xa0John Waid is the Founder and CEO of C3 - Corporate Culture Consulting, a firm specializing in aligning an organization\'s culture with its strategic goals. John has worked in sales and marketing at Pfizer, PepsiCo, Nestle, and Chateau Ste. Michelle Winery. During these experiences, he developed a heightened awareness of the indispensable role, people\'s attitudes play in implementing effective processes and procedures.\xa0This interest led him to study behavior in corporate settings and to work as a behavior consultant. Because behaviors don\'t exist in a vacuum, John examined and analyzed the effects of corporate culture on behavior and found his real purpose in life, as a pioneering expert on that subject. He understands the direct link between a company\'s culture and its performance. As a globally recognized expert on corporate culture, he leads companies to define their values clearly and then build positive and purposeful behaviors focused on results.\xa0John Waid holds a Bachelor in Economics and Political Science from Furman University and an MBA from the University of South Carolina. He speaks fluently English, Spanish and Portuguese.\xa0\xa0Links And Mentions From This Episode:\xa0\xa0John\'s Website:\xa0\xa0https://corporatecultureconsulting.com/TetraNoodle consulting services: http://innerget.comTetraNoodle professional training: https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!\xa0Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section!\xa0Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!"\xa0 | Manuj Aggarwal and Rylee Meek\xa0discuss on how to build trust through the Social Dynamic Selling System he created, in this new episode of Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show.\xa0What are you waiting for?\xa0Tune In Now!\xa0In this episode, we will learn about:\xa0· What is the Social Dynamic Selling System.· Building trust through Dinner Seminars.· Measuring success· Launching your own business· Building your customer base· Setting up your mindset to succeed· Typical mistakes entrepreneurs do while selling\xa0About Rylee Meek\xa0Rylee is the founder and CEO of Social Dynamic Selling System. Starting as a teenager in a rural town, Rylee went on to work in several different industries through the years until he founded this thriving company, which has generated over $80 million in the past eight years. His mission is to teach business owners how they too can obtain predictable, sustainable, and scalable income, primarily through dinner-seminar marketing.\xa0Links And Mentions From This Episode:\xa0\xa0Rylee\'s Website:\xa0Website:\xa0http://socialdynamicselling.com/TetraNoodle consulting services: https://innerget.comTetraNoodle professional training: https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!\xa0Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section!\xa0Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!"\xa0 | Manuj Aggarwal and Mike Saunders\xa0discuss on how to elevate a brand from nothing to a position of status and authority by authoring books.\xa0\xa0What are you waiting for?\xa0Tune In Now!\xa0In this episode, we will learn about:How to generate leads by publishing and distributing booksTips and tricks on writing a book for brand authorityHow to develop an entrepreneurial mindset\xa0How to position yourself for successThe power of books and podcastingSecrets to developing a business strategy\xa0Secrets to effectively reaching out to potential customers\xa0AboutMike Saunders is an Authority Positioning Coach and holds an MBA in marketing. He has helped entrepreneurs break out of obscurity by amplifying their hidden expertise to a position of prestige & become THE go-to Authority & Expert in their industry.The Authority Positioning Coach is a Boutique Marketing Agency providing "Done-for-You" Authority Positioning Packages to elevate your brand to a position of status and prestige.Mike Saunders is the author of Amazon Bestselling book Authority Selling™, a contributor to The Huffington Post, Adjunct Marketing Professor at several Universities and\xa0member of the Forbes Coaches Council – an invitation-only community for the World\'s Most Influential Business Coaches.\xa0Education/Experience:\xa0Mike Saunders is a graduate of Liberty University. He is a member of the Forbes Coaches Council, an Adjunct Marketing Professor at several Universities and a contributor to Huffington Post.\xa0Accomplishments: Mike Saunders is an Amazon bestselling author with his book "Authority Selling."\xa0Fun Facts:Mike Saunders has a wife and four kids and lives in Virginia.\xa0\xa0Obstacles Overcame:\xa0Mike Saunders overcame a financial struggle with his family after losing his parents home to foreclosure. Fourteen years later, he landed himself in a $35,000 debt that led him to bankruptcy. His diligence led him into becoming a man he is today, helping small businesses and entrepreneurs set their foot.\xa0\xa0\xa0Links And Mentions From This Episode:\xa0\xa0Mike\'s Website:\xa0https://authoritypositioningcoach.comTetraNoodle consulting services: http://innerget.comTetraNoodle professional training: https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!\xa0Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section!\xa0Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!"\xa0\xa0 | \xa0Manuj Aggarwal and Cassie Parks\xa0discuss on how to set up your mind to make more money, in this new episode of\xa0Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show.\xa0What are you waiting for?\xa0Tune In Now!\xa0In this episode, we will learn about:\xa0· Setting the right mindset to attract wealth· How to get financial freedom· Identifying different money stories\xa0· Most common mistakes that entrepreneurs make\xa0· The podcasting business· About growing business from side-hustle· Having business goals that align with your life values\xa0About Cassie Parks\xa0Cassie Parks helps people release negative thoughts, beliefs, and emotional pain, so they recognize their worth and their ability to create the life they choose to live. She also helps business owners identify where their action is out of alignment with their intention and help them release negative thoughts and beliefs, so they can attract the most influential people and resources into their lives.\xa0\xa0\xa0Links And Mentions From This Episode:\xa0\xa0Cassie\'s Website:\xa0\xa0https://cassieparks.com/TetraNoodle consulting services: http://innerget.comTetraNoodle professional training: https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!\xa0Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section!\xa0Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!"\xa0\xa0 | Manuj Aggarwal and Aleksandra Efimova will be talking about how to build a multimillion-dollar business from your childhood hobby and building a personal brand.What are you waiting for? Tune In Now!In this episode, we will learn about:• Turning your hobbies into a business• Tackling the low moments in business• Getting maximum results out of limited funds• Benefits of bootstrapping over using outside funds• Learning and growing as a bootstrap entrepreneur• Transforming a disadvantage into an advantage• Contributing to growth as a leader• Building and nurturing your team• Building a healthy organizational culture• Importance of having partnerships and alliances• How to embrace change\xa0About Aleksandra EfimovaExperienceAleksandra Efimova. Aleksandra is CEO of RP Group International, which she founded in 1998 and grew into a premier brand of footwear, apparel, accessories, and wellness products. She is an entrepreneur and leader with extensive experience in developing collaboration among individuals and organizations throughout the business, non-profit, governmental, and educational sectors.EducationShe holds an executive diploma from Harvard Business School.AccomplishmentsShe has appeared on the Inc. 5000 List, was an EY Entrepreneur of the Year Finalist in 2017, and has been featured in many publications including Forbes Women, Bloomberg Newsweek, NBC Chicago, and Crain\'s Detroit Business.\xa0Links And Mentions From This Episode:\xa0Instagram: @worldwithaleksandraAleksandra\'s Websites:\xa0https://www.aleksandra.com/\xa0https://www.russianpoint.com/Aleksandra\'s Podcast:\xa0https://www.5678.com/TetraNoodle consulting services: http://innerget.comTetraNoodle professional training: https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section!\xa0Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!" | Manuj Aggarwal and Rana Kordahi\xa0talk about the art of selling, what to do, what not to do, and how you can become the best salesperson that you can be.\xa0Rana Kordahi runs her own sales training company –The Selling Academy- and she has been making sales for about ten years. Her goal is to inject people with the love of selling and to help people succeed in it so that their businesses are successful.\xa0\xa0So what are you waiting for?\xa0Tune In Now!\xa0In this episode, we will learn about:The difference between sales and marketingThe impact sales and marketing has on a companyWhat do successful companies do in terms of sales and marketingHow do companies fail in terms of salesHow to become a good salespersonThe skills needed to make salesThe mindset behind making good salesHow to deal with rejectionThe use of online platforms (social media) in the sales world\xa0About Rana Kordahi\xa0Rana Kordahi wanted to be an actress, but the world of \'sales\' caught her heart about ten years ago, and now she teaches companies and people the art of sales in terms of, not only sales methodologies, but mindset, strategies, NLP, EQ, and psychology behind the sales. She has been working in sales for the past ten years. She has dipped her foot in recruitment, employment services, real estate, training services, and even selling software. She is now a Co-Founder of \'The Selling Academy\' which has courses, coaching, training, consultations, and workshops to help companies fall in love with sales and make their businesses more successful.\xa0\xa0Education:E-Learning for Business, University of Sydney (2015); Cert IV in Training and Assessment TAE 40110, CBD College (2014); Certified Success Coach, The Coaching Academy- London (2012); Instructional Design Mastery: Write Golden Training Curriculum, Udemy Alumni (2009-2010)\xa0Experience:\xa0Co-Founded \'The Selling Academy\' over 6 years ago; worked in sales for about 10 years performing multiple of roles such as recruitment, employment services, real estate, training services, and selling software; a member of the \'Sales Masterminds APAC (SMA) and Disability Employment and Jobactive Reverse Marketing Strategist for \'Employment Services Training\'\xa0Accomplishments:\xa0Won Award and Bonus for Placing the highest amount of people into work for London East (Oct 2012- Careers Development Group); STAR Award for Innovation in Training Workshops (Sep 2012-Careers Development Group); Won Recognition award and bonus for exceeding targets (Feb 2012)\xa0Links And Mentions From This Episode:\xa0\xa0Rana\'s Linkedin:\xa0https://www.linkedin.com/in/ranakordahi/Rana\'s Course:\xa0\xa0https://www.limitlessminds.com.au/selling-for-non-sales-people.htmlTetraNoodle consulting services:\xa0http://innerget.comTetraNoodle professional training:\xa0https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In! Do you have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a comment!\xa0Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe and click on the bell for updates on our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!"\xa0\xa0Have a great day!\xa0 | Manuj Aggarwal and Zack Scriven\xa0discuss how good content aids to the success of a business, what it takes to create good video content, and how to promote it.\xa0What are you waiting for?\xa0Tune In Now!In this episode, we will learn about:How to make engaging videosMaking a good quality video\xa0How to predict whether a video will be viral or notPromoting video content in LinkedInHow to build your audience with good quality video contentHow to generate video content ideasLeveraging the power of social media and how not to get addicted to them\xa0\xa0AboutIndustrial automation engineer by trade and video content creator by heart, Zack Scriven is a video marketing entrepreneur and thought leader. He is the founder and leads content creator of Zack Scriven Media, a company dedicated to creating engaging videos for education, motivation, and brand-building. Zack designed "Crush LinkedIn Video," an online course to help anyone go from zero to sixty with LinkedIn Video. Before making video content creation a career, Zack Scriven worked as a Sr. Control Systems Engineer. Largely unfulfilled, he found himself spending more time dabbling with YouTube. In February 2018, he posted his first video to LinkedIn where it received much attention. Zack continued creating content around the industrial automation niche on YouTube and LinkedIn. He became intensely interested in what engaged and what didn\'t—perfecting a formula that he knew would be of value to others. Just a few months later, Zack would leave his day job and devote himself entirely to his passion. Today, Zack regularly travels all over the U.S. attending LinkedIn Local Networking Events. He has been sponsored by several brands to speak at conferences in Las Vegas, Dallas, Dubai, and South Africa. Zack Scriven looks forward to continuing this exciting journey—leading the charge in Digital Transformation.\xa0Education/Experience\xa0Zack Scriven graduated as aerospace, astronautical, aeronautic engineer from California State Polytechnic University-Pomona in 2012. He has been a Sr. Control system engineer of SOFFA Electric Inc, a control system integrator at Vertech in California, system integrator at WaterHammer Inc and Airbnb host. Currently, he is LinkedIn Influencer, a freelance industrial programmer and founder and creator of Zack Scriven Media.\xa0AccomplishmentsZack has an ignition gold certification in inductive automation.\xa0\xa0Obstacles Overcame\xa0Zack was largely unfulfilled by his trade as an engineer. He overcame a difficult start into what was called his new life by constant zeal and passion for creating content. His first video content announced him on YouTube, and since then, Zack has never looked back in becoming a well-known video marketing entrepreneur.\xa0Fun facts\xa0Zack indulges his passion for creating useful content for education, motivation, and brand-building purposes.\xa0\xa0Links & Mentions From This Episode:Zack\'s Linkedin:\xa0https://www.linkedin.com/in/zackscrivenZack\'s Youtube: Zackscriven MediaZack\'s Website:\xa0https://www.zackscriven.com/TetraNoodle consulting services: https://innerget.comTetraNoodle professional Training: https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!\xa0Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section! Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!"\xa0 | Manuj Aggarwal and Sid Mohassed discuss about flowing with the millennium, and what to do to succeed in this fluid market in this episode of Bootstrapping Your Dreams show.What are you waiting for? Tune In Now!In this episode, we will learn about:·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0What it takes to become an entrepreneur·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0How to succeed in today’s fluid market·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Managing business in a fluid market·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0How technologies like AI and ML creating tsunamis·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Being open to changes and adapting them·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0The idea of data privacy in the data centric world of AI and ML·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Developing attributes of a successful entrepreneur·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Bootstrapping versus going with venture capital·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0How to learn from opponentsAbout Sid MohassebExperienceAt 16, Sid migrated to the US without his family. At 21, he started and exited his first company while at college. At 25, he taught comparative Eastern and Western philosophy. At 27, he became the youngest partner of a national management-consulting firm, serving fortune 500 clients with operational improvements and strategy formulation. During the next two decades, he supported large scale acquisitions and acted as a principal investor in middle-market companies, leading company turnarounds from near bankruptcy to profitability.\xa0AccomplishmentsSid founded and led several early-stage and hyper-growth companies from inception to acquisition. Sid has served on the boards of over a dozen profit and non-profit companies. He is a university professor at different universities, a fund manager, and an angel investor.Obstacles OvercameMany times over, Sid has shouldered the responsibility for meeting payroll and has written checks to acquire or invest in companies, learning to think both like an investor and a founder and facing, accepting, and overcoming his share of failures and successes in ideas and ventures.\xa0Links & Mentions From This Episode:·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Email:sid@mohasseb.com·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Website: http://mohasseb.com/·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0TetraNoodle consulting services:\xa0https://bootstraptechstartup.com\xa0\xa0·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0TetraNoodle professional Training:https://courses.tetranoodle.com\xa0\xa0Thanks for Tuning In!\xa0Thanks so much for being with us this week.\xa0Have some feedback you\'d like to share? Please leave a note in the comments section! Enjoyed the episode? Kindly share it with your friends.\xa0Don\'t forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes to get automatic episode updates for our "Bootstrapping Your Dreams Show!"', 'chan_desc': "So... the big question is this... how are ambitious people like us... who don't have a lot of resources...did not go to ivy league colleges...were not born into wealth...how do we become resourceful enough...use our creativity...our dedication...and little bit of crazy...to bootstrap our way to realizing our dreams...whether it is launching a new company...launching a new app...making it to the top of corporate ladder. That is the question, and this podcast... will give you the answers.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/43/89/02/438902ae-5655-6a96-3ef8-51119c61885c/mza_4705114668897813181.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-02-08'}}

{'The Sweaty Startup': {'title': 'The Sweaty Startup', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Sweaty-Startup-id1500828', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Nick Huber', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 196, 'play_count': 6159, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://sweatystartup.com/'], 'ep_total': 102, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:26:37', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:34:02', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:15:52', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:16:05', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:53:41', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:10:34', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:25:33', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:35:50', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:11:03', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:24:24', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Jacob from Gainesville Florida calls in to discuss taking his aquatics service business to the next level. | Lawyer Todd Stanton comes on the show to talk about how service business owners can avoid getting sued and hire and pay employees the right way. | Ben calls in to discuss his current situation and how he should approach entrepreneurship. | Ashlee calls in from Tacoma Washington to discuss her furniture refurbishing hobby she would like to turn into a business. | J Scott is a bestselling author and host of the BiggerPockets business podcast. He interviewed me on the show (ep 14) and I was lucky enough to get him on mine. This is an action packed interview on how one can go about finding deals in today's tough real estate market. | A little look at what my partner and I are doing right now. I'll be documenting the entire journey. | Cam Hoover calls in from Atlanta and Nick talks about the importance of sales when building a videography business. | Nick Bradley hosts my favorite podcast - Scale Up Your Business. Today he joins us to talk about the massive opportunity when it comes to buying a business and how he goes about doing it. | Don't just read a book. Study it. Thats how you get the most out of what you hear here and what you read elsewhere. | Today we talk to Dan the Window Man about his window cleaning company in Crawfordsville Indiana.\xa0", 'chan_desc': 'Want to build a successful business? Packed with the principles, strategies, and methods used to grow successful companies, The Sweaty Startup will help you make your vision a reality. Hosted by successful entrepreneur Nick Huber.  Short, to the point and no fluff.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/8a/12/e3/8a12e3ea-0c96-f049-54da-c1e3d17d0242/mza_6584480464097171099.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-12-03'}}

{'Startup to Storefront': {'title': 'Startup to Storefront', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Startup-to-Storefront-id2274586', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Diego Torres-Palma Nick Conrad Natalya Cappellini', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 2, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.startuptostorefront.com/'], 'ep_total': 8, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:57:45', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:57:29', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:38:18', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:38:42', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:50:25', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:48:45', 0], ['2019-08-22', '01:27:46', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:09:06', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Diego and Natalya interview Bricia Lopez - a James Beard award winner, author, mezcal queen, mother, daughter, podcaster and more! You\'ll hear about her family restaurant, an LA staple Guelaguetza, her latest Vegas collab - Mama Rabbit, and her new book!\xa0 Check her out:\xa0 Instagram:\xa0@bricialopez Co-owner\xa0@LaGuelaguetza Co-founder\xa0@ilovemicheladas  Co-creator\xa0@_supermamas Chief Mezcalera\xa0@drinkmamarabbit | Diego and Natalya interview Margaux Moses, owner of Wave Maiden Ale Works in Los Angeles.\xa0Margaux is on a mission to resurrect the lost art of brewing with the medicinal, aromatic, and nourishing herbs.\xa0The result is bright, sometimes cider-like flavors, floral noses, bitter brews without any hops,\xa0and a unique plant buzz.\xa0\xa0Hear her story as she\'s looking to launch from a small beer manufacturer to a full fledged brewery in Los Angeles. Follow Wave Maiden on instagram Wave Maiden Ale Works - company website | Diego and Natalya interview Kathleen Shaffer, owner of Shaffer here in Los Angeles.\xa0Kathleen grew her career as an executive chef throughout the world and has been recognized for her culinary accomplishments by the James Beard House, AAA Five Diamond and Chef George Perrier of Le Bec Fin. Shaffer was also awarded the 2019 Caterer of the year by the\xa0International Caterers Association. Hear her super fun story and listen to what her team put together for the Breaking Bad finale - it\'s unbelievable!!\xa0 Follow Schaffer on instagram Schaffer - company website | Diego interviews Dan Deutsch, owner of Dan Deutsch Optical Outlook.\xa0Dan has been styling the who’s who of Los Angeles since he first opened his doors. He has taken the simple motto, that “glasses are jewelry to the face and the conviction that: “eyewear defines who you are” from his youthful beginnings all the way to his role today, directing the largest independent chain of retail eyewear stores in the Los Angeles area. He serves as a frequent consultant not only to film and television studios but also to eyewear designers and manufacturers. He has fit heads of state; music icons (Cher, Madonna, Ella, Justin), Hollywood movers and shakers and anyone who cares about looking their best!\xa0 Dan Deutsch Optical Outlook Store Follow Dan Deutsch Optical on Instagram | Diego sits down with Tara Riceberg, owner of Tweak, Tesoro and the bestgiftstoreever.com, one of LA\'s most curated gift stores you\'ll ever visit. Tara shares how as a second-generation retailer she continues to grow her business through passion, curation, and being a "jumper." Take a listen and if you\'re in LA be sure to check out Tweak or Tesoro!\xa0 Tweak/Tesoro Website Tara\'s Tesoro Spotify Playlist | Diego interviews Chef Wendy and Donny, the Founders of VCHOS Food Truck, an LA staple! Hear the story of how Wendy mastered the traditional cooking of Central America and brought the Salvadorian culture to the masses via her culinary gift. If you\'re in the LA area make sure to checkout their famous "PUPUSAS" food trucks!\xa0 Follow VCHOS on instagram\xa0 | Diego and Natalya interview Brooke Harris, founder of GoodMylk, a game-changing, industry disrupting plant-based milk product for the masses. When Brooke initially presented her idea to industry insiders and investors, it was met with skepticism on all fronts. Listen to Brooke\'s amazing story and how she\'s charging ahead! GoodMylk can now be found in your favorite coffee shops and as a consumer product on goodmylk.co and amazon.com\xa0 Follow GoodMylk | We share a bit about why we started this podcast and hope you all enjoy the journey and hear from some amazing people! Thank you to all of our friends, guests, supporters, and families for rooting for us. We\'re just getting started and will soon have our own storefront :)\xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Some of the most famous and profitable companies started in a garage. BUT you don’t become an industry leader by staying in one. Sooner or later the time comes to expand into an actual retail or office space. And then what?? This podcast will cover all the ups and downs of commercial real estate development and how entrepreneurs, like yourself, managed to overcome the hurdles and obstacles along the way.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/5c/00/1b/5c001bb6-550b-63da-5470-76e3c26615d6/mza_6742569761848527892.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-19'}}

{'Govcon Giants Podcast': {'title': 'Govcon Giants Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Govcon-Giants-Podcast-id2122313', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Eric Coffie', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 6, 'play_count': 46, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://govcongiants.com/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 24, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:33:30', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:23:29', 0], ['2019-09-17', '01:07:11', 0], ['2019-09-09', '01:05:53', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:51:56', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:46:55', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:53:33', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:55:16', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:32:26', 0], ['2019-07-30', '00:58:40', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Today were having a conversation with Maria Martinez. A lot of you know her, she is the back engine of Scorecontracts and Govcon Giants and making things work. She actually recently landed her first consulting client and I thought it would be great to share in on that experience of what she went through, how she did it, what was in her mind, kind of, you know, some of the ideas behind her thought process behind what it took to do that. A lot of you out there may be facing some of the same experiences and I thought this would be a great way to reflect on her taking her first step towards her govcon journey and experimenting with the idea of taking on a consulting client. Let’s not forget Maria was just a teacher before all this. Today she has nearly $200,000 in projects between the 2 clients, has started working\xa0on her first project and is bidding a 4th project.\xa0We here at Govcon Giants could not be more proud of superstar Maria for making the\xa0commitment to doing what it takes to succeed. Thanks for tuning in and we’ll keep you\xa0posted as she aims for the $1 million dollar mark. \xa0 | Corliss Udoema aka Mama U as many people call her holds a special place in\xa0my heart, Corliss is witty and humorous\xa0but the joke stops at the door of outside her office b/c when it comes to\xa0business she is as tough as they get.\xa0Her motto, “deliver excellence” and she expects that from all of her\xa0employees at Contract Solutions Inc. She is the Inc 5000 winner 2019 for the\xa0last consecutive 3 years, 2019 USDA SB Contractor of the year, 2017\xa0Virginia State Small Business Person and has received 2 congressional\xa0awards. But more than her accolades she is a down to earth mother,\xa0grandmother, great grandmother, business owner and community leader.\xa0 Corliss has over 35 years of contracting, training, and business development\xa0experience in the private and government sectors. In her professional career prior to founding CSI, Corliss traveled the world\xa0doing procurement for the US government in place like Japan, Italy and\xa0Puerto Rico. Her experiences include\xa0Legislative and Executive Government Acquisition, Business Development,\xa0Planning, Project Management, Logistics, Procurement Assessment, ResourceDevelopment, Career Development and Contractor Business Facilitation. \xa0 This episode is heartfelt, will make you laugh, teach you life lessons and\xa0business best practices. I would like to give a warm welcome to our next\xa0Giant, Corliss Udoema. \xa0 \xa0 | Today we are bringing you a treat with another woman “Giant” that is kicking butt and taking names in the biz. Patricia Bonilla, President of Lunacon Construction Group is from my 2nd favorite country in the world behind the United States, the Dominican Republic. She founded “Lunacon” in 2007, now has 5 office locations including Puerto Rico and serves more than 300 customers worldwide. She is tremendously special for what she has accomplished (Woman Contractor of the Year, State of Florida Minority-Owned Business Person of the Year, Government Contractor of the Year, Good to Great, ABC’s in Excellence) and how she continues lead from giving back to her community. Over the past decade, Lunacon has built an impressive resume of diverse company experiences, a long list of satisfied and repeat clients, and a bonding capacity of $15M single and $50 aggregate. Lunacon serves their clients with a commitment to excellence in every service that we deliver, and strives to be considered among the best construction contractors in the industry. During the interview she discusses walking away from her job at a not so convenient time and the role of faith in her life and business. |  Elliott\xa0Branch\xa0is\xa0truly\xa0a\xa0once\xa0in\xa0a\xa0lifetime\xa0individual\xa0who\xa0is\xa0absolutely\xa0brilliant.\xa0  He\xa0was\xa0the\xa0Director\xa0of\xa0Contracts\xa0for\xa0Naval\xa0Sea\xa0Systems\xa0command, which\xa0is\xa0the\xa0largest\xa0or\xa0next\xa0to\xa0largest\xa0single\xa0buying\xa0activity\xa0in\xa0federal\xa0government.\xa0And\xa0our\xa0team\xa0over\xa0here\xa0at\xa0Govon\xa0Giants\xa0just\xa0happen\xa0to\xa0catch\xa0him\xa0a\xa0cool\xa06\xa0weeks\xa0out\xa0of\xa0retirement\xa0at\xa0the\xa0time\xa0of\xa0this\xa0interview\xa0so\xa0we\xa0got lucky\xa0to\xa0be\xa0the\xa0first\xa0ones\xa0to\xa0have\xa0him\xa0on\xa0our\xa0show.  During\xa0the\xa0interview\xa0we\xa0discuss\xa04\xa0critical\xa0“to\xad-do’s”\xa0for\xa0small\xa0businesses. 1.Special\xa0emphasis\xa0programs\xa0vs\xa0socio\xa0economic\xa0programs. 2.How\xa0the\xa0government\xa0buys\xa0inputs 3. Ross\xa0Perot\xa0firm\xa0EDS 4. Democratization\xa0of\xa0work\xa0and\xa0the\xa0acronym\xa0Noggis\xa0\xad\xa0a\xa0term\xa0that\xa0I\xa0will\xa0quiz\xa0you\xa0about\xa0if\xa0you\xa0ever\xa0meet\xa0me\xa0in\xa0person\xa0and\xa0reference\xa0this\xa0episode. For show notes visit: www.govcongiants.com/podcast \xa0 | One of the interesting things about Social Media is how far your voice travels.Apparently, there are no boundaries and I found this out by becoming acquittances with our guest. \xa0“Buongiorno Eric” the email reads, along with the subject line “From Italy” Vicky Mangano reached out to me back at the end of 2018 all the way from Europe, Sicily, Italy to be specific. She was a consultant helping companies do business with the U.S. Government over in Italy, and she has been quite successful. Her story is remarkable. She is well versed in our procurement process as well as in international registration. In today’s episode we discussed how to do business internationally as a foreign entity. Vicky tells us about the international bid sites that are available and most importantly how American Firms can participate in working internationally. Vicky generously gives of her skills, knowledge and resources. We can definitely all learn a lot from this Giant. \xa0 For show notes visit: https://govcongiants.com/podcast/ | Today's guest is Charles Jones. He started out in the mortgage industry back in 2008 until the market crash and everything's shut down. It was during those difficult times that he formed his company C&S Jones group to start assisting with cleaning up all the abandoned properties on behalf of asset managers. Today his business looks very different and Mr. Jones is responsible for managing Military commissaries throughout four states. If you or anyone you know as part of the military family and you've probably heard of the commissaries before, that's where you can purchase discount of groceries and other household goods for active duty, reserve, and guard members as well as their family members, which you probably didn't know was the person behind the success of managing and maintaining them such as companies like C&S Jones Group headed by Mr. Charles Jones. \xa0 In today's episode you will learn how do you continue to meet your HUBZone requirements while growing your business. How did Mr. Jones first learn about writing proposals? What is his win percentage to stay ahead of the curve and continue growing, his favorite books, training recommendations, and much more. \xa0 For show notes visit: https://govcongiants.com/podcast/ | Alex Hernandez founded Hernandez Consulting & Constructionin 2005 and currently serves as CEO and\xa0Chairman of the Board. Hernandez Consulting & Construction is a project management firm and general contractor specializing in design, construction, design-build and real estate development. Under Alex’s\xa0leadership, the firm has grown exponentially and now actively operates in a large portion of the United\xa0States. The firm has been named to the Inc. 500/5000list six times and Alex was named Louisiana’s2017 Small\xa0Business Person of the Year.\xa0 Alex began his career as a Captain in the U.S. Marine Corpsspecializing in Logistics Operations.\xa0He has sat on the Board of Directors for the Veterans Services of America,Inc. and the TulaneAlumni\xa0Association. Alex is also Managing Partner of the New Orleans Redevelopment Fundand Albert\xa0Architecture.\xa0He holds both a BA Cum Laude and an MBA from Tulane University. In this episode we discuss how he came to\xa0learn\xa0about\xa0government\xa0contracting How he\xa0began\xa0his\xa0career\xa0cleanup\xa0projects after Hurricane Katrina. How to be a great subcontractor, build great teaming\xa0arrangements, and how he raised\xa0capital\xa0for\xa0his\xa0firm.  I\xa0hope\xa0that\xa0his\xa0story\xa0inspired\xa0many\xa0people\xa0out\xa0there\xa0not\xa0to\xa0quit\xa0and\xa0to\xa0continue\xa0the\xa0fight\xa0because it\xa0is\xa0well\xa0worth\xa0the\xa0effort\xa0in\xa0the\xa0end.\xa0As\xa0he\xa0said\xa0when\xa0dealing\xa0with\xa0a\xa0time\xa0where\xa0others\xa0would\xa0have\xa0given\xa0up,\xa0he\xa0learned\xa0in\xa0the\xa0USMC\xa0that\xa0quitting\xa0simply\xa0was\xa0not\xa0an\xa0option. For show notes visit: https://govcongiants.com/podcast/\xa0 | Today's guest, Ms. Janetta Brewer, is the \xa0owner of Blue Alchemy Consulting. She has an extensive federal contracting background, which includes roles with the Office of Secretary of Defense, US Navy, Defense Logistics Agency, US Army Corps of Engineers, US Air Force, Department of Homeland Security and in her last federal, she was a senior member of the Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy staff, which means she developed acquisition regulations and guidance for approximately 35,000 contracting professionals that streamline acquisition process across the federal government and improve contract execution outcomes for and in excess of $400 billion in annual contract spin. In today's episode, we discuss how heavily the government relies on industry to help with the process of implementing change to both the FAR and DFARs considering the impact from small businesses. We also discuss merges and acquisitions, False Claims Act, program office versus small business office. For show notes visit:\xa0https://govcongiants.com/podcast/ | Today's guest, Dee Kivett is the CEO and president of NextGen Supply Chain Integrators. NextGen specializes in helping companies seeking certification to ISO 900 and 1345, AS 9100 and 9120, TS 16949 standards, as well as the rigorous requirements of Boeing. Dee grew up sitting on tires at the race track watching her father and uncle, the world famous Wood Brothers, race their cars around the circuit. Maybe that's where she picked up a keen appreciation of quality control. She is an adjunct professor at Clemson University specializing in design and manufacturing project management for the automotive industry. In today's interview we discuss examples of why the government pays $75 for a screw and how a small firm can become certified to provide mission critical parts to the Department of Defense. I'd like to welcome Dee Kivett. For Show notes visit:\xa0https://govcongiants.com/podcast/ |    Beverly Kuykendall, President of Government Business, leads AMD’s expansion into key areas aligned with the firm’s long-term strategic goals. She has a background in relationship development and government contracting, and brings a facilitative approach to understanding and proposing solutions to difficult economic issues.    In March 2016, AMD was awarded a $1.2 billion government contract for the provision of medical supplies to more than 60 VA Medical Centers from Florida to Maine. Throughout a career that has spanned more three decades, Ms. Kuykendall has earned numerous honors including being named one of the 50 Most Powerful Minority Women in Business and Entrepreneur of the Year by the Black Business Association of Los Angeles. Her relationship-driven, facilitative approach and keen understanding of economic issues has resulted in the development of key initiatives involving organizations in both\xa0the private and public sectors. For Show Notes visit:\xa0https://govcongiants.com/podcast/ \xa0      ", 'chan_desc': 'After the real estate market crashed in 2007 Mr. Coffie launched a successful consulting company helping small business owners earn millions in revenues via federal small business programs. In 2012 he launched Evankoff Construction, a steel erection company building airplane hangars and metal buildings for government agencies around the country.  In 2017 Mr. Coffie launched Scorecontracts @ YouTube a channel to help other small businesses achieve their revenue goals using the power of federal contracts. The podcast Govcon Giants is dedicated to showcasing the scalability of growing a business harnessing the power of federal dollars. The marketplace is wide open for all that want to gain a piece. Meet some of the world’s greatest masterminds behind the trillion-dollar behemoth. We interview small firms, large firms, past and current contract officials, government agencies and their representatives all in the name of helping the small business get a leg up in the industry. If you want to participate in this market then you are in the right place.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e3/6b/7c/e36b7cd7-6401-067e-f50c-35f8dd91a68e/mza_6509310244228486730.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-05-10'}}

{'The Startup Story': {'title': 'The Startup Story', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Startup-Story-id1961609', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'James McKinney', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 98, 'play_count': 4305, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.thestartupstory.co'], 'ep_total': 41, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '01:08:42', 0], ['2019-09-24', '01:00:48', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:47:50', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:59:09', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:52:08', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:54:02', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:49:54', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:13:02', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:49:48', 0], ['2019-07-30', '01:03:32', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "I’d like to introduce you to Marika Meeks, founder of IncredibullStella, a nonprofit whose mission is to help rescue dogs (with an affinity towards Pit Bulls) and place them in their forever homes.  With a name like IncredibullStella, you may be wondering who Stella is, right? Well, Stella is a Pit Bull that came into Marika’s life when she was recovering from Stage 3 Breast Cancer. In this episode, Marika will unashamedly share how Stella saved her life and now, having fully recovered, how her non-profit (inspired by Stella) helps to save as many animals as possible. In honor of Breast Cancer awareness, I thought it would be appropriate to unpack an entrepreneurial journey of a founder that had to battle through a Stage 3 Breast Cancer diagnosis and come out on the other side of her journey as a cancer survivor and non-profit founder.IncredibullStella is Marika’s first non-profit, but it is not her first venture. Previously she had an incredibly successful chain of sandwich shops, which was expanding up until her cancer diagnosis. Part of the reason I wanted to share Marika’s story is because of the power of her perspective through her battle with cancer.And while the tone of this episode starts off a little heavier than usual, I assure you this episode is one that will encourage and inspire you, assuming you allow yourself to hear about lessons learned from someone who came face to face with her own mortality. This is Marika Meek’s startup story. In this episode, you’ll hear:How Marika’s mom and dad were very instrumental in her desire to not only do my own thing, selling Bubblelicious at school, and her desire to always have a hot dog standImmigrating to America at the age of 6 with her family, how her mom and dad provided the opportunity to live in the U.S., plus the trials, tribulations, and successes of starting a new life in the StatesHer interest in becoming a creative entrepreneur, feeling really lost after high school and her short stint at Community CollegeLeaving college after only the first semester and realizing (now) that you don’t have to have it all figured out right out of high schoolGetting married at 19 and realizing that marriage is not a career path, but it did lead her to start her first business, which she worked in for a yearMoving on from her first business to working for the family business, how doing so made her feel like a fraud, the anxiety she felt, and what she learned during that timeAll leading up to her next venture, a sandwich shop franchiseThe difficulty she had when telling her parents she wanted to follow her passion and learning this very important life lesson:  When you’re feeling fearful, that's what makes you brave because you're doing it anywayBeing diagnosed with Stage 3 Breast Cancer, navigating life during that time, and how getting cancer at 41 woke her up to understand what was really importantThe inspiration behind IncredibullStella, how it got started, unpacking everything it is today, and Marika’s vision for the future“There is nothing you can ever do that would actually be considered a failure. Every single step or misstep is setting you up for a new opportunity. It’s preparation and not failure.” – Marika Meeks, IncrediBullStellaResources from this episode:IncredibullStella: https://www.incredibullstella.com/IncredibullStella (the book): https://amzn.to/2nbK6rE IncredibullStella on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/incredibullstella/?hl=enMarika Meeks on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/marika-meeks-9169b814/The Startup Story on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thestartupstory/Alina Vandenberghe, founder of Chili Piper & GipsyBot: https://www.thestartupstory.co/chilipiper10 Secrets for Success and Inner Peace, Wayne Dyer: https://amzn.to/2lDI5nDJimmy John’s Gourmet Sandwiches: https://www.jimmyjohns.com/The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory  Special Guest: Marika Meeks. | This week’s featured founder is Nick Alexander, co-founder of Yoshi. Yoshi is disrupting an industry that I am sure NONE of you ever thought about disrupting: gas stations and auto maintenance. Did you ever say to yourself, “You know, gas distribution really needs to be revamped?” Well, Nick and his co-founders did and are making significant waves in 20 major markets.Nick is an alum of Y Combinator, not just one time but THREE times. So prepare to learn from an incredible founder who is doing big things. Y Combinator is an accelerator that provides guidance to early-stage companies to help them get to a point where they have built something impressive enough to raise money on a large scale. It is not easy to get into as the competition is very high. Companies like Airbnb, Dropbox, Stripe, Instacart, DoorDash, and many, many more have gone through Y Combinator. All that to say…Nick’s three tours through YC is so incredibly impressive.Have I hyped his story enough? Are you as excited to unpack his entrepreneurial journey as I am? Awesome! I mean, with a resume like his, entrepreneurship must have been on his radar from the very beginning, right? Well, let’s find out. This is Nick Alexander’s startup story. In this episode, you’ll hear:Nick’s early childhood, wanting to be a doctor and how entrepreneurship never had crossed his mind at a young ageHis first taste of entrepreneurship right before college when he began working at a newspaperHow and why he made the switch from premed to computer engineering his second year at Duke UniversityHis very first startup while in college, going viral on campus, followed by his next several startups, including a music service called BlueTunes and exitingAbout getting a call from a friend that was accepted into Y Combinator, asked to join him to build a product, accepting, and flying outHis first time through Y Combinator, equating it as an extension of college, developing an idea that became TinyCoupon, the largest coupon index in the worldHis philosophy when creating his first startups, building something cool that people might want and how that changed (or didn’t) over timeThe creation of Yoshi, a subscription service that makes it so you never have to worry about stopping for gas or routine maintenanceTesting the Yoshi business model outside the Silicon Valley bubble and how that led to Nashville being one of their most successful marketsLearning to appreciate the journey“The story is ALWAYS much more glamorous on the outside than it is on the inside. This is the case for even the most successful startups.” – Nick Alexander, YoshiResources from this episode:Yoshi: https://www.startyoshi.com/Nick Alexander on LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/ndalexander/Y-Combinator: https://www.ycombinator.com/The Startup Story on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thestartupstory/Get the Yoshi app today and Start Moving!iOS: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/yoshi!/id992735679?mt=8Android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.callyoshi&hl=enThe Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory  Special Guest: Nick Alexander. | I’d like you to meet Alina Vandenberghe, co-founder of Chili Piper and Gipsybot. (Yes, that’s right, she co-founded TWO startups.) Chili Piper is an incredibly powerful sales tool for enterprises.   Her second startup, Gipsybot, is a productivity tool to help you prioritize what is important to you, not what others delegate to you. The reason I wanted to unpack Alina’s story is multi-faceted. First, she is running two startups at the same time, and I find that to be incredibly impressive, as well as quite uncommon. Oh, and one of those startups just closed on a Series A round of funding.  Secondly, she is an immigrant from Romania. Immigrant founder stories have a unique layer to them that help frame all of our perspectives. Lastly, she is royalty in the mobile development space. Now, she would never say that about herself, but when you develop one of the first apps for the “yet to be released” iPad and Steve Jobs chooses to use your app from the Apple stage as he is revealing the all-new, never before seen iPad…that is quite a remarkable accomplishment.Alina’s Startup Story is fascinating and begins unlike any other founder we have had on the show, so let’s get started. This is Alina Vandenberghe’s startup story.In this episode, you’ll hear:* Alina’s early ventures (beginning around age 9!) featuring her entrepreneurial spirit and how she didn’t even realize it was entrepreneurship* Her frustration with the corporate world, how others recognized her skills/personality traits as perfect for a startup and encouraged her to begin that journey* The challenges of operating a fully distributed workforce and the benefits of being able to tap into a larger talent pool* How culture is managed with staff members in remote locations and the need for attendance on company calls and occasional meetings in person* The importance of managing mental health during the “founder’s depression” period and having a plan to avoid burnout* How GipsyBot was developed from a need to accurately manage priorities and goals to change the way people work so they can achieve their own goals and not just the priorities of others* The fact that managing two startups is possible * For businesses to succeed and meet future goals, a positive environment must be created for workers and clients so that customers can get the results they want and a big return on their investment“I know how hard it is to get back up when you’ve been completely knocked down, but it is at that moment in time when big things happen.” – Alina Vandenberghe, Chili Piper & GipsyBotResources from this episode:Our Sponsor Podcoin: https://www.podcoin.com - Listen to this episode to grab your special discount codeChili Piper: https://www.chilipiper.com/GipsyBot: https://gipsybot.com/Alina Vandenberghe on Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alinav/The Startup Story on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thestartupstory/The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory  Special Guest: Alina Vandenberghe, co-founder Chili Piper & Gipsybot. | This week I would like you to meet featured founder, Anna Victoria. She is the founder of Fit Body App. The health and fitness app launched in January 2018; then in 2019, Apple featured it in their “Apps We Love” section. Since then it has become one of 2019’s best fitness apps.  Just because numbers are impressive…when Apple featured the Fit Body App in the “Apps We Love” section it generated over 1 million impressions within 24 hours!I am really excited to share her story with you because of how relatable it is to each of us. In fact, Anna’s journey is one that we can all replicate today.  Within a 2-year period Anna grew an email list of close to 1 million people, and most of them were because they purchased something from her. This episode is an opportunity to learn from someone who has done amazing things with creating a community and understanding how to deliver real value so they keep coming back.If you are wondering how her story is relatable to you, especially if you aren’t in the fitness industry; fitness was never a part of her life until her “aha moment” in 2012, where it all started to come together for her. The lesson? Your “aha moment” can come at any time. What you do with it, that’s simply part of your story.  Oh, and fitness wasn’t the only thing that was new to Anna, so was entrepreneurship. Let’s find out how her journey began, this is Anna Victoria’s startup story. In this episode, you’ll hear:* Her early childhood, growing up with her father and learning an important life lesson that would serve her well later, “Don’t be a salesman, don't try to sell people.”* About her first job after high school in sales, taking her father’s advice to heart, and prioritizing the needs of customers and offering them beneficial solutions* How at a young age she had no real concept of what she wanted to do with her life* The importance of seizing opportunities when they arise, for Anna it included going to community college in Sacramento, soon after moving to San Diego, getting into University of San Diego, studying abroad in Rome, moving to China (that’s just to name a few)* How working out or eating healthy was not a part of her life and how and why that all changed in 2012* Her research on how to live a healthy lifestyle that's balanced and why she still hated living ‘healthy’ * Starting her Instagram account as an anonymous user, growing it to about 250,000 followers in 6 months, then finally posting the first photo of herself and what happened next, all the while she still did not have any plans to launch a business or app* And turning a corner: monetizing her Instagram page, launching an ebook, moving to a new Instagram account and essentially ‘starting over’* Building a community of encouragement and accountability and launching the Fit Body Guide in 2015, and how that led to the creation of the Fit Body App* Realizing that many times opportunities come from seeing a need that you have and addressing that need first“Don’t try to sell people. Just talk to people, figure out what they need, and provide them with solutions.” – Anna Victoria, Fit Body AppResources from this episode:Our Sponsor Podcoin: https://www.podcoin.com - Listen to this episode to grab your special discount codeFit Body App (use code: STARTUPSTORY for 20% off the already discounted price): https://bodylove.com/Fit Body App for iPhone (https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fit-body-with-anna-victoria/id1281856473)Fit Body App for Android (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bodylovegroupllc.bodylove&hl=en_US)Anna Victoria on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/annavictoria/The Startup Story on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thestartupstory/The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory  Special Guest: Anna Victoria, founder of Fit Body App. | I’d like you to meet John Paul Taylor, founder of Real Life Poets. Real Life Poets is a nonprofit that leverages the creative process of poetry and spoken word as a means to empower youth, that otherwise might find themselves in prison or on the streets.  John Paul started Real Life Poets because writing saved him and he wanted to do the same for youth in situations similar to his.Real Life Poets is the very first nonprofit that we have featured on The Startup Story, as well as the only business out of Alabama that we have featured.John Paul’s journey is much different than mine, and I suspect much different than yours.  But that is the beauty of entrepreneurship. While his journey might be different, his experiences are relatable. He had to overcome friends and family thinking he was crazy for wanting to pursue Real Life Poets. He had to push through personal challenges, including a dissolved marriage. And, he had to have 2-4 different side hustles to try to make things work until he truly understood what it was that he was supposed to be building.  This episode is an example of the diversity of entrepreneurship and a true testament to following a passion and building a business for good. This is John Paul Taylor’s startup story. In this episode, you’ll hear:John Paul’s early childhood in Birmingham, AL and how being in foster care helped him find his gift for writingWhen he began to actually use writing as an outlet and how it helped himThe ‘having nothing to lose’ mentality and how it helped John Paul grow as a writerJohn Paul’s first corporate job, realizing he wasn’t going to conform to corporate life, getting fired and his shift into entrepreneurshipThat writing was his saving grace and how he processed that into something that creates a livingPerforming, creating CDs of his poetry, and what Pootie Tang has to do with it allStarting a nonprofit, learning the rules, following the rules, and building a nonprofit from the ground upThe 10 year anniversary of Real Life Poets and reflecting on the vision he had for the organization when it started, to what it is today“Once people started telling me that I could not do it, I became driven to prove them wrong.” -John Paul Taylor, Real Life PoetsResources from this episode:Our Sponsor Podcoin: https://www.podcoin.com - Listen to this episode to grab your special discount codeReal Life Poets: http://reallifepoets.org/Real Life Poets on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/reallifepoetJohn Paul Taylor on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-paul-taylor-48a94835/The Startup Story on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thestartupstory/The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory Special Guest: John Paul Taylor. | This episode marks our 35th episode since we launched in January 2019. When The Startup Story launched we had no audience. Yet, even with not having an audience, Larry Namer, founder of E! Entertainment Television, was gracious enough to share his Startup Story for our launch. There is a high chance that you have not heard our first few episodes. For that reason, we are going to bring our first two episodes off the shelf to ensure they make your podcast queue. This week is the first of those two episodes.  I hope you enjoy this episode as it originally aired on our launch date of January 15, 2019.This episode of The Startup Story features Larry Namer, founder of E! Entertainment Television. When you think of E!, you may instantly think of the show, Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Now for the record, Larry had nothing to do with the Kardashians phenomenon. He did, however, have everything to do with the building of this media network giant, which eventually sold for approximately $3,000,000,000 in 2007. In this episode, you will learn how Larry maneuvered the early days of his startup and how he built his company with little to no funding.  Larry also shares openly about how he constantly adapted his business to ensure success, regardless of the external circumstances he faced. Wherever you in your entrepreneurial journey, Larry's story will provide you with a fresh perspective to take into your own endeavors. In this episode you’ll hear:* Larry’s start, not in the limelight of Hollywood, but in the sewers of NYC * How he went from blue collar labor to management, negotiating with unions and how he began to develop a leadership mindset* How qualifying for pension at 30-years old eventually led him to the West Coast* His time at Valley Cable in California helping build the first two-way 61 Channel Cable System ever built* The start of “Movie Time”, the obstacles Larry faced and why he was so convinced to keep moving forward with his idea* How a leap of faith by an investor led to the launch of E! Entertainment Television’s beginnings and how he went on to build E!’s first  studio on a freight train rail station* Selecting their first five hosts, like Greg Kinnear, getting coverage and establishing credibility as a network* The origins of E!’s first original content show, Talk Soup (a show that makes fun of other television shows) with host Greg Kinnear and later Joel McHale* Larry fondest memory from his startup story* Larry’s advice to entrepreneurs who may be struggling with getting traction or establishing credibility in their industryResources from this episode:Connect with Larry Namer on LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/in/larry-namer-18b6a/)E! Entertainment Television (https://www.eonline.com/)Yuzzl.com (http://yuzzl.com)Full Episode Transcript (https://www.thestartupstory.co/articles/larrynamer)The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory  Special Guest: Larry Namer. | This episode marks our 34th episode since we launched in January 2019. When The Startup Story launched we had no audience. Yet, even with not having an audience, Jason McCann, the Founder and CEO of VARIDESK, was gracious enough to share his Startup Story for our launch. There is a high chance that you have not heard our first few episodes. For that reason, we are going to bring our first two episodes off the shelf to ensure they make your podcast queue. This week is the first of those two episodes.  I hope you enjoy this episode as it originally aired on our launch date of January 15, 2019.Today’s startup story comes from Jason McCann, founder and CEO of Varidesk. While Varidesk is a global company today, Jason's story is not one where you assume everything he has ever done has been a success. Today he shares his early beginnings from selling beach chairs all the way to the burst of the dot.com bubble and later, how Varidesk came to be. Jason’s startup story is one of resilience.  You will learn that every challenge or obstacle has a key learning principle. In fact, Varidesk’s success is a result of Jason's ability to listen and learn. This episode is your opportunity to be mentored by a founder who has built a company with over 270 employees and ships product over 30 different countries daily. Get ready to learn and be inspired. Here is Jason McMann with his Startup Story. In this episode you’ll hear:* Jason’s early beginnings in Galveston, TX, including being introduced to the first entrepreneur/CEO in his life; his mom and how her energy, passion and leadership had an impact on him* How he started his very first business at the age of 14* His start in the hotel management industry and how it led to owning his first restaurant* Moving on from the restaurant industry to selling pogs while working on his Masters degree, plus his time at DSI Toys* Creating a dot.com business, recognizing the dot.com bubble was bursting, his mental space after the ultimate collapse and what happened next* How the idea of Varidesk started with a cardboard box* Prototypes, presentations and adrenaline rushes in the early days of Varidesk* Varidesk’s customer and employee relationship mentality and Jason’s vision for the futureResources from this episode:Share your Varidesk Story: Varidesk.com/startupstoryConnect with Jason McCann on LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-mccann-varidesk/)Varidesk (https://www.varidesk.com/)Good to Great by Jim Collins https://amzn.to/2HgRID1Thrive, by Arianna Huffington https://amzn.to/2CYIiYy  Podcoin code: startupstoryFull Episode Transcript (https://www.thestartupstory.co/articles/varidesk)The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory  Special Guest: Jason McCann. | This week instead of featuring a founder’s story, we are going to focus on part of a story that many founders go through — founder depression. Yes, founders can get depressed, very much so, and yet not too many talk openly about it. The catalyst for this topic occurred when I read an article, recommended to me by Kate Edwards, Co-Founder of Heartbeat, in which she was cited. The article was about founders’ depression. After I read it and reflecting on the past 32 episodes of this podcast, I recalled numerous founders that would talk about anxiety or significant self-doubt that impacted the way they related to their family members. This article struck a chord because I've been realizing that in our founders’ stories, some may have been battling founder depression, but it wasn't given a name, so it was easy to skirt the issue or just chalk it up to being stressed or overwhelmed. Some areas of a founder’s journey, like mental health, we may easily feel uncomfortable with and not want to discuss. But all facets of our journeys, especially mental health or founder depression, are so very important to talk about because it’s my belief that we can all learn from each other’s journey. And so this week, I’d like to bring attention to founder depression, what it is, how to spot it, and what you can do about it. In this episode, you’ll hear:* The difference between depression and founders’ depression* Why we isolate ourselves and back off from sharing our feelings* We are not meant to go through this journey alone* Not being afraid to identify founders’ depression if you think that is what you are experiencing* The importance of seeing the journey for what it isResources from this episode:Founder's Depression Article: https://www.inc.com/wanda-thibodeaux/1183-words-you-need-to-read-before-starting-your-first-business.html?cid=searchThe Startup Story on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thestartupstory/The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory | Brian Burke is the founder of SellYourMac.com, a website that helps you to sell your Apple products in a way that ensures you receive top dollar. Brian recently received an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year nomination. Ernst & Young is one of the largest firms in the world and since Brian’s firm was nominated, I definitely wanted to invite him to unpack his story on this podcast.Brian and his business have a very grassroots storyline, which we go through in its entirety. Why? It helps us understand what it’s like to grow a business without investment capital. Moreover, it allows us to see what it is like to startup a business that is so cash flow dependent.  How do you recover from a situation that steals five years of profits from you? We’ll find out in this episode. Brian shares his encouraging journey, which I hope will give you enough strength to continue on yours, if you are already running your own business.  His journey had very clear indicators from his early childhood that SellYourMac.com was going to be his destiny.  But I will let him share it all with you and allow you to connect the dots. This is Brian Burke’s startup story. In this episode, you’ll hear:* Brian’s early childhood, how his father’s work ethic left an impression on him, and his early aspirations* Creating an income for himself through selling beaded jewelry as a kid and selling cellphones in college * Brian’s interest in the stock market and trading at a young age, his desire to work in an investment bank or for a hedge fund after college and what actually happened once he graduated* His start with selling items on eBay, how it happened, what he sold, and how it paved the way for his future business, SellYourMac.com* The importance of finding something you're passionate about and figuring out how to make a business out of it* Working to prove that his phone business idea was viable to his parents (who wanted him to continue to find a career in finance) * About the burden that debt can play when desiring to launch your business and how it is a ball and chain that will slow down anyone's progress* Getting kicked out of his parent’s after his phone business inventory started taking over their basement, what he learned, how it motivated him, and the eventual birth of SellYourMac.com* How and when his attention turned from phones to Apple products, from selling phones to Apple products on eBay, and what happened next“If you are building your business in response to your ego it will inevitably fail.” - Brian Burke, Sell Your MacResources from this episode:Connect with Brian on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianburke4/ (https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianburke4/)Sell Your Mac: https://www.sellyourmac.com/ (https://www.sellyourmac.com/)Sell Your Apple Products at SellYourMac.com/startupstory (https://www.sellyourmac.com/?promo=startupstory) and receive an additional $10 bonus when you sell your item.The Startup Story on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thestartupstory/ (https://www.instagram.com/thestartupstory/)The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory  Special Guest: Brian Burke. | Meet Michael Littig, Co-founder of the Zuckerberg Institute. Their mission is to establish a community of entrepreneurs that encourage and inspire other entrepreneurs as they build their business or start their next venture. Sound familiar? It should because that's what I am hoping to build with this podcast, too.Michael's journey includes living among Shaman and nomads, speaking before the UN, and even performing in live theater. We're going to hear one of the more unique entrepreneurial journeys we’ve shared to date in this episode. While his story is incredible, you will hear some themes pertinent to all entrepreneurs that I want to highlight.  First, the idea of community, even among entrepreneurs, is the key to survival. Additionally, you’ll hear all about the importance of our experiences, good and bad, and how they can be lifelong lessons which can bring incredible value to our entrepreneurial ambitions. Lastly, you will hear how critical it is to not walk this journey alone. Michael is a master storyteller and I am honored to get to share his story with you today. As always, we start at the very beginning. This is Michael Littig’s startup story. In this episode, you’ll hear:* His early childhood traveling between cities to spend with parents (who were divorced), growing up in a single-parent home, his early ambitions of wanting to be an astronaut, and his deep interest in forming disciplines* His growing interest in leadership in high school, how he entered high school wanting to be an astronaut and wanting to join the military, and leaving high school wanting to pursue acting and become a theater artist* Theater life and how he went from auditioning for a Broadway show to traveling to Italy to do theater, and how it shifted his life drastically* His time in Italy and how it shaped him for the experiences he’d go through when he returned* Following his passion to understand belief systems, rituals, performance, and how they all interact with a community. * Some lessons he learned while living and experiencing nomadic culture* Asking the question, “Where am I needed in the world?”* His experience speaking to the United Nations and teaching theater to a refugee camp on the border of Somali* How he went from a transformational period in Somalia to co-founding the Zuckerberg Institute“Most entrepreneurs are driven toward autonomy, yet community is an absolute key tosurvival.” - Michael Littig, Zuckerberg InstituteResources from this episode:Connect with Michael on LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-littig-150105179/Zuckerberg Institute: https://www.zuckerberginstitute.com/The Startup Story community has been so incredible sharing our podcast with others, and we thank you! We do have more stories to tell and more people to reach. There are three ways you can help.First, the most powerful way you can support this podcast is by leaving a review on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.Second, follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and be sure to share your favorite Startup Story episodes with your friends and on social media. Tag or mention @thestartupstory.co so we can give you a virtual high five and a thank you!Lastly, share the podcast on LinkedIn. The Startup Story podcast is for entrepreneurs. Don’t underestimate the power of sharing on LinkedIn so other entrepreneurs can discover us.With your support, we hope to further our reach in encouraging and inspiring the founders of today and tomorrow. Thank you!EPISODE CREDITS:If you like this podcast and are thinking of creating your own, consider talking to my producer, Danny Ozment.He helps thought leaders, influencers, executives, HR professionals, recruiters, lawyers, realtors, bloggers, and authors create, launch, and produce podcasts that grow their business and impact the world.Contact him today at https://emeraldcitypro.com/startupstory Special Guest: Michael Littig.", 'chan_desc': 'As we hear The Startup Story of some of the most successful companies in the world our focus is singular…To give you the belief and courage to Start Your Story.Every successful startup began with a single decision. It’s not about the dream, it’s not about the vision, it’s about having the courage to take that very first step -- to start. How did UBER grow to $50 billion? How did Spanx become massively successful without one dime of venture capital? The stories are out there. But The Startup Story goes even deeper. What exactly did they do to go from idea to launch? What was that first step and how did they decide to take it?Each week, hear from the courageous founders behind  some of the most successful brands in the world as they share their Startup Story.  We’ll unpack the early beginnings, and uncover those first steps that ultimately led them to where they are today. Whether you’re an entrepreneur who’s in the thick of it and not making much progress, or feeling stuck in the fear of failure, not sure if you have what it takes, this podcast was created for you.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/3c/3e/52/3c3e52b9-aa5f-5725-45d8-6f6aacdc02c5/mza_6749598962631349883.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-01-07'}}

{'SOS with Sonja Rasula': {'title': 'SOS with Sonja Rasula', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/SOS-with-Sonja-Rasula-id2214206', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Sonja Rasula', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 4, 'play_count': 61, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.uniquemarkets.com/sos'], 'ep_total': 11, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-09-18', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-09-12', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-09-06', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-08-28', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-08-22', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-08-14', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-08-09', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:31:59', 0], ['2019-07-24', '00:44:16', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In our final episode of season 1, Sonja speaks with Mohnia Patel, the founder of Shanti Wellness a CBD and wellness company. Mohnia started Shanti Wellness after being fired and realizing that she wasn't happy and needed to forge her own path towards wellness and joy. Sonja helps Mohnia find the best way to connect with her customers, how to diversify where she sells her products, and how grow her company through advertising. Make sure you stay\xa0tuned for Sonja's Top Takeaways at the end of the episode and follow us on Instagram\xa0@soswithsonja and subscribe on Apple Podcasts and follow us on Spotify. | Be loud and be proud! Join Sonja as she helps Shujan Bertrand, founder of the chic home goods company Aplat, promote her own company without feeling in-authentic or over-the-top. Shujan's desire to promote her company extends to her social media photography, the only problem is she's a bit camera shy and needs help getting over her fear to make Aplat's story standout online. Sonja and Shujan also discuss marketing and the importance of a brand style guide, spoiler alert, if you don't have one you need to get one! As always, stay tuned for Sonja's Top Takeaways at the end of the episode and make sure you follow us on Instagram\xa0@soswithsonja and subscribe on Apple Podcasts and follow us on Spotify. | In this week's episode Sonja talks to Travis Peterson, the owner of a prank greeting card company called Joker Greeting. Travis wants to increase his sales and grow his company past the one million dollar mark all while he is the only employee. Travis reveals that while he wants to grow his business, he may need a little push to trust more retailers with his product and utilize Instagram more. Don't forget to stay tuned for Sonja's Top Takeaways at the end of the episode and make sure you follow us on Instagram\xa0@soswithsonja and subscribe on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. | Don't let advertising intimidate you! In this episode, Sonja is here to help navigate the world of social media advertising with Megan Combs, the owner of Stitch & Shutter a modern leather goods company. Along with the complex ins and outs of Facebook and social media advertising, Sonja and Megan talk about not being afraid to be yourself and how to present behind the scenes content on Instagram. This inspiring episode gets real and honest so put on your comfy clothes and press play! Don't forget to stay tuned for Sonja's Top Takeaways and make sure you follow us on Instagram\xa0@soswithsonja and subscribe on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. | This week Sonja helps Michelle Zagardo, founder of the headband company Lysande, find the confidence she needs to grow her company through manufacturing and by changing her pricing. Hear Sonja break down how to create the best Instagram account for your company and how to take better model and product photography. Stay tuned for Sonja's Top Takeaways and make sure you follow us on Instagram @soswithsonja and subscribe to the podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify to always get the latest episodes. | Are you getting paid? In this episode Sonja helps Gemma Greenhill, co-founder of the stylish clog company Santa Venetia, find ways to make sure she gets her money! They also discuss other common struggles for small business owners such as paying off loans, owning up to being a small business, and getting through the dark days of running your own company. Enjoy this information packed episode and make sure you stay tuned till the end for Sonja's Top Takeaways! | Sometimes you just need to get over yourself and present your brand for the whole world to see! Listen in as Sonja helps Kyle Lin of the advertising agency Immigrant Creative, get over his fears and post about his company on social media. Sonja also talks through the hiring process and the best ways to grow your company. Don't forget to listen till the end of the episode to catch all of Sonja's Top Takeaways and advice! | Tune in as Sonja emphasizes the importance of model diversity and brand first impressions. Gwen Gardner of Simply Chickie needs to be encouraged to trust her gut and rethink her social media strategy. Remember to listen till the end of the episode for Sonja's Top Takeaways and all of her money saving tips. | Listen in as Sonja helps a whimsical jewelry maker realize that she can increase her revenue and scale her company. Stick around till the end of the episode to hear Sonja's Top Takeaways. | The owner of Broadway Baker, Jim Osorno, needs Sonja's help with pitching his business to the press as he prepares to open his first brick and mortar store. Listen for money-saving tips on getting great press, learn Jim's story, and get the episode's top takeaways.", 'chan_desc': "Join Sonja Rasula, founder of the pop-up retail experience Unique Markets, as she answers some of the most pressing questions from small business owners and entrepreneurs. Don't forget to follow the show @soswithsonja and make sure to subscribe on Apple Podcasts and Spotify to get the latest episodes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/b3/72/13/b3721370-60d7-0df3-3301-c114c7e04156/mza_817135163036227603.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-07-16'}}

{'Blogging with Leslie': {'title': 'Blogging with Leslie', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Blogging-with-Leslie-id2278733', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Leslie Samuel', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 362, 'play_count': 3748, 'ch_feed-socials': [], 'ep_total': 256, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:34:27', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:51:29', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:48:29', 1], ['2019-08-26', '00:39:25', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:38:42', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:49:55', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:42:12', 0], ['2019-07-28', '00:33:43', 0], ['2019-07-22', '00:41:02', 0], ['2019-07-15', '00:37:57', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In today’s episode, episode 360 we’re gonna be talking about how to do a post-mortem on your goals.\xa0Every so often we set goals and then we come up with a plan to accomplish those goals. Then we take the next logical step - we start working towards our goals.\xa0But here’s the thing - oftentimes, that’s where we stop. We start doing the work, and then fall off somewhere along the lines and never stop to do what’s called a postmortem.\xa0And as a result, we never fully appreciate our successes or learn from our mistakes. Well, in this episode, I’m gonna go into what a post mortem is and how to do one.\xa0And the way we’ll do this is I’m actually gonna do a post-mortem on my thirty-day challenge goals.\xa0How did I do? Did I accomplish my goals? Did I fail? All of this and more is coming up.\xa0 | Are you looking to improve your skills as a blogger? Do you wish you could create better content, attract a larger audience, grow your email list faster and make more money? If so, then you're listening to the right episode.Show notes: https://www.becomeablogger.com/359Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414 | Are you looking to challenge yourself to grow your blog? In this episode, I share stories of other bloggers who are challenging themselves and tips to help you grow your blog.Show notes: https://www.becomeablogger.com/358Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414 | This episode is a deviation from the norm. Let's see how it goes.Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414 | Are you struggling to be more consistent and get real results in your business or life? If so, this is the right episode for you. Let’s dive in!Click here for detailed show notesQuestions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414 | I just turned 39. So I thought I'd do something different. No hints though. You'll just have to listen to the episode 😉.Show notes: https://www.becomeablogger.com/355Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414 | Looking for ways to use blogging to grow your non-profit organization? In this episode, Mazarine Treyz shares exactly how she did it.Show notes: https://www.becomeablogger.com/354Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414 | While I always recommend paying for a self-hosted WordPress site, that may not be feasible for some people. So here’s how you create a blog for free. No excuses now.Show notes: https://www.becomeablogger.com/353Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414 | Are you looking to increase your email open rates? In this episode, I give you 7 practical tips for doing just that.Show notes: www.becomeablogger.com/352Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414 | Are you creating great content? The kind of content that Google likes to rank? The kind of content that drives traffic? If not, this episode is for you.Show notes: https://www.becomeablogger.com/351Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Call the hotline @(888) 835 - 2414", 'chan_desc': "In this podcast, Leslie Samuel from Become a Blogger teaches how to build a successful business with a blog. He does this by sharing actionable tips he has learned from experience, as well as interviewing successful online businesses. He started the Interactive Biology blog to make biology fun for students all over the world. This blog landed him his dream job as a University professor. Today, he's a full-time blogger with a passion for helping others experience what he has experienced. Whether you are looking to start, or grow a business, you will learn how to do so using blogging, social media, and other methods of making it happen.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/7e/a0/71/7ea07170-2ca2-41e7-2f14-0212382b7179/mza_5881990415462580659.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-02-14'}}

{'The Lead By Example Podcast': {'title': 'The Lead By Example Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Lead-By-Example-Podcast-id2370429', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Kyle Hammers', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 0, 'play_count': 0, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://theleadbyexamplepodcast.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 9, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:38:27', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:43:32', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:18:02', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:05:48', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:25:08', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:29:41', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:18:22', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:36:21', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:15:19', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Travis Chappell is a guru when it comes to networking and connecting with the 1% in his area. He has build an entire company around the topic called Build Your Network. What started as just a podcast he has exploded into a profitable business. Regardless of what area of work you are in, meeting the right people is key. Travis can help with that. Enjoy our talk.\xa0 \xa0 Where You Can Find Travis Chappell:  travischappell.com Travis\'s Instagram  The Build Your Network Podcast  | I had the joy of sitting down with co-owner of Crown Brew Coffee Company, Jared Gravatt. Crown Brew is totally changing the coffee game in Southern Illinois making each and every cup of coffee "insta-worthy". In my talk with Jared, we discuss the power of social media, the importance of creating super fans, and of course leadership. This interview was definitely one of my favorites, so you should definitely check it out.\xa0 Check Out EVERYTHING Crown Brew Below:  Crown Brew Coffee Company Crown Brew - Instagram Jared Gravatt  | So many people start something, but never finish it. Whether it be a new years resolution of losing 10 pounds failed, or a goal to increase your income that never happened, we are all guilty of giving up and dropping out the race! I know I am certainly guilty of this! In this talk with Kyle, I want to shed some light on this topic and challenge you to finish. Hang around to towards the end of this episode to hear some verses from the Bible that just might get you over the hump. | The staple question of The Lead By Example Podcast is "what is the most vital trait a leader can possess?" I am committed to asking every single guest that comes on the show that question and every 3-5 guests I will be creating a podcast episode with just responses to this question. These episodes are a great place to learn more about solely leadership. I\'m really excited to share these episodes with you! | Jacob O\'Connor is a senior in high school and 18 years old. He is a entrepreneur of a company called Venture Mentality. Jacob is a super high achiever and has a bright future. To stay up to date with him and his business, check out the links below! \xa0  venturementality.com Venture Mentality - Instagram  | My guest on episode 4 of The Lead By Example Podcast is a special one! Kailyn Cash is a follower of Jesus, loving wife, and the best mom. She has connected her creative side with some of her biggest passions. Along with all that, she is my sister! Kailyn isn\'t a full time youtuber, but she works hard on her craft everyday and has seen attainable growth over the last 16 months. Be on the lookout for her channel over the next few month because with her niche, she receives a lot of growth during the holiday month!  Kailyn\'s YouTube Channel  | A lot of people have a mental barrier that they can\'t be a leader. I\'m here to tell you that you CAN become a leader, regardless. And it all starts from within. You can lead yourself. Stick around for the end of the episode to see what you can do TODAY to start your leadership. \xa0 If you haven\'t already, consider subscribing and leaving a review! | The Lead By Example Podcast\'s guest interview for episode number two (first interview), is Brady Morgan from The Budgetrek Podcast. In my talk with Brady we talk about what his version of financial freedom looks like and how he is pursuing that dream. Brady started The Budgetrek Podcast as a way to share his journey in paying off debt, and has grown the show into a HUGE value add for his growing audience. Brady Morgan embodies the lead by example theme 100%, as he isn\'t just another guy with a finance podcast. He is doing the dirty work and is in the trenches as he lead his audience into a better financial mindset.\xa0 \xa0 MENTIONED LINKS:   https://www.budgetrek.com/ \xa0\xa0(Budgetrek Podcast)  | The Lead By Example Podcast is a show hosted by Kyle Hammers. In this introduction episode, Kyle will speak on who he is and the meaning behind the Lead By Example brand. If you are serious about taking your leadership to the next level, you are in the right place. I\'m really glad you\'re here.', 'chan_desc': 'The Lead By Example Podcast is a place for leaders in entrepreneurship, finance, and personal development to give leadership advice in their spaces. Kyle Hammers, host of the podcast, believes that one of the greatest rules for a leader to follow is to lead by example. If you are serious about taking your leadership to the next level, this podcast is the perfect place to start!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/60/6c/c1/606cc1c7-4c29-8542-1da9-bc26884d122e/mza_8495609338488443212.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-09'}}

{'Side Hustle to Small Business': {'title': 'Side Hustle to Small Business', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Side-Hustle-to-Small-Business-id2139204', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Hiscox', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 58, 'play_count': 240, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.hiscox.com/side-hustle-to-small-business'], 'ep_total': 9, 'recent_eps': [['2019-08-01', '00:34:26', 0], ['2019-07-24', '00:28:48', 0], ['2019-07-16', '00:18:11', 0], ['2019-07-09', '00:31:12', 0], ['2019-07-01', '00:21:08', 0], ['2019-06-24', '00:22:05', 0], ['2019-06-17', '00:26:04', 0], ['2019-06-06', '00:32:06', 0], ['2019-05-23', '00:02:34', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Greg Frank went to Hollywood to pursue a career in the entertainment industry. He eventually found his way to becoming an entrepreneur, using his creative expertise to help launch new brands and products.For more information about Side Hustle to Small Business visit www.hiscox.com/side-hustle-to-small-business | Angela Yungk began her career as a teacher but quickly found herself searching for a new direction in life. Along with her business partner, Angela eventually went on to create Art Hive Magazine. This is the story of how you can break into a new industry with no previous experience and find success. | Steven Jenkins knew someone who had experienced domestic violence. He wanted to help others who had experienced the same so he decided to volunteer at a local domestic violence shelter. What Steven would come to learn was the database the shelter was using was inadequate and the staff was spending too much time on data collection when they could be helping people at the shelter. Here’s the story of how Steven set out to solve that problem, and how he turned a volunteer position into a full time job and eventually a business.For more information about Side Hustle to Small Business visit www.hiscox.com/side-hustle-to-small-business | As Claire Zovko was wrapping up her college basketball career, she took her first yoga class and discovered a new passion. Years later, while practicing law and advancing her own knowledge of yoga, Claire began to teach yoga and eventually found herself in a position to run her own yoga studio. This is the story of how a passion can turn into a business.For more information about Side Hustle to Small Business visit www.hiscox.com/side-hustle-to-small-businessFollow Lou Casale on Twitter @loucasale | After serving in the US Army and enjoying a successful career in financial\xa0services, TiWanna Kenney found herself on stage hosting an auction. She fell in love with the work and the positive impact it can have on the lives of others. Here’s how TiWanna developed her talent and how she’s bringing diversity and inspiring change in her industry.\xa0For more information about Side Hustle to Small Business visit www.hiscox.com/side-hustle-to-small-business\xa0 | Maureen Monte is a Leadership and Team Consultant and author of Destination Unstoppable. Maureen began her career as an engineer but eventually realized she was more than a problem solver; she was a "people problem solver". Hear how Maureen turned her side hustle into a full time business and how you can unlock the untapped talent on your team.\xa0For more information about Side Hustle to Small Business visit www.hiscox.com/side-hustle-to-small-business | Tina Tran Neville and her parents left Vietnam to come to the United States when she was a young girl. Learn how that experience shaped her journey from US Foreign Service Officer to high school teacher to founder of Transcend Academy, which provides test preparation and college advising services. Tina’s story is what the American Dream is all about.For more information about Side Hustle to Small Business visit www.hiscox.com/side-hustle-to-small-business\xa0 | Jared Novack met his future business partners at the Syracuse University student newspaper. They would go on to work in the newsrooms of The New York Times and\xa0The\xa0Boston Globe and eventually launch Upstatement, a design and engineering studio. Hear how Jared and his college friends grew a side hustle into a robust business that is producing creative work for some of the world’s leading brands, products, publishers and non-profits.For more information about Side Hustle to Small Business visit\xa0www.hiscox.com/side-hustle-to-small-business | ', 'chan_desc': 'Side Hustle to Small Business tells the stories of people who took their first step as an entrepreneur while still working a full-time job. Each week, entrepreneurs open up about their first steps and choices made, sharing business insights and lessons learned. If you’re thinking about starting a side hustle this is your chance to learn from entrepreneurs who have built something from nothing. And, if you’ve already started your own business, Side Hustle to Small Business offers practical advice to help you chart your own course.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/4f/7a/64/4f7a64da-bd0e-9e1a-fc25-ce2a4925d46a/mza_5839666512600192882.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-05-23'}}

{'The HyperFast Agent Podcast': {'title': 'The HyperFast Agent Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-HyperFast-Agent-Podcast-id2017150', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'The HyperFast Agent', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 14, 'play_count': 332, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://hyperfastagent.com/podcasts/'], 'ep_total': 69, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:11:34', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:04:34', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:20:02', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:32:28', 0], ['2019-09-24', '01:00:28', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:46:45', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:06:21', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:15:25', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:33:14', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:23:26', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'During Episode 69 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Keri Shull speaks with Mike Bjorkman, a real estate coach who has over 600 doors under property management, has built multiple brokerages, sold hundreds of homes a year, and has one of the top five podcasts in the country. Mike shares how you can establish a major local media presence in your community.\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0At one point Mike had a tv show. It’s a big deal because it led him to where he is today.Mike started with a weekly real estate segment and ultimately became a co-host.They stopped doing the show when it wasn’t fun anymore and it was in the way of their future.You can do so many things on your own now without camera crews and sponsors.What should someone do if they want to establish a local media presence?Go to the people involved and tell them your community needs real estate information.Local access channels are dying for content.Find a small sponsor to cover the cost of the crew.Tell them you’d love to provide content, fill their space, and it won’t cost them anything.What are 2-3 things Mike thinks agents need to keep front of mind?Agents need to keep social media, community outreach, and the media in mind.Get in front of every newspaper, everything you can think of.Then establish your social media.You have to be in front of everyone and social media is everything.When people meet you, they should know exactly who you are.For people on shoestring budgets, go back to basics.Do your videos.Reach out to people through email and text messages.Use Facebook to friend people, message people, and be active in groups.Social media is all about life events.Mike shares an example of how he provided value to Keri by telling her about the Marco Polo app.Little things make a difference.\xa03 Key Points: \xa0 Go to people who are involved and tell them that their community needs real estate information.\xa0 \xa0 You have to be in front of everybody and branding is everything. \xa0 Use social media to create lasting relationships.\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast AcademyKeri Shull: Linkedin, Facebook, InstagramMike Bjorkman FacebookMarco Polo (app)The Real Estate Marketing Show | During Episode 68 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Dan Lesniak offers life advice and business tips that can help you prepare for anything. He discusses how we need to prepare for anything to happen at any time, how to take advantage of popular news headlines, and tips about selecting the right work environment for the tasks at hand.Episode Highlights:\xa0Dan experienced an unpleasant surprise this week. A rat jumped on him, scratched him, and ran away.Be prepared for anything at any time.You never know what’s going to happen, where it’s going to happen, or when it’s going to happen.Be grateful for what you have and what you’re doing.Focus on the positive.News-jacking is simply taking a popular headline and using it as a hook to get to your main point.Scan the headlines. See what’s hot, and use that as a hook.After you have someone’s attention, then pivot to the story and get to your offer.Dan chose to work from home on a day when he needed to get a lot of focused work done.Be intentional about the environment you set.You may need a variety of different work environments for different tasks.You may want to work in a loud environment sometimes, such as a coffee shop.Other times you may want to be working in the office to collaborate.Dan had an amazing day of productivity deliberately choosing to work from home.Make sure you are setting the right environment for your workplace.Set your work environment based on what you need to accomplish.\xa03 Key Points:Anything can happen at any time. Be grateful for what you have and what you’re doing.News-jacking is a way to use popular news headlines to grab attention and then pivot to your story.\xa0Choose your work environment based on what you need to accomplish.\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast Academy\xa0 \xa0HyperFast Sales Summit\xa0Dan Lesniak:\xa0 LinkedIn \xa0 Facebook\xa0 | During Episode 67 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Keri Shull speaks with Dale Archdekin, Founder of Smart Inside Sales, Coach, and proclaimed “Follow-up God”. They discuss how to engage prospects with interesting content on a consistent basis, the questions salespeople should keep front of mind, and maintaining a positive mindset.\xa0\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0Many real estate agents struggle with follow-up. Dale has strategies to overcome this obstacle.First, assume that everyone who you know is going to do business with you at some point unless they explicitly tell you otherwise.One way to keep the communication going and to follow-up regularly is to share content with your prospect.You don’t have to share original content. Share content that you would share with a friend.For example, share a cool room makeover you found or a taco spot you enjoy.No ask, just send the link.Even if you don’t have time to create content, you can send out this kind of content.All you need to do is take ten minutes and find something cool.Communicate things in an interesting way that will be a magnet to your prospect.You can batch this type of content. Spend one day and gather all of the links you’ll need for a year, then revisit.Keri describes her blitz day.It’s just about creating a cadence of communication.Keri took her children to ten parks in one day and videoed it. This example can be executed in similar ways for other segments.The three principles Dale teaches everyone are now, sooner, or logical next step.The now step is all about figuring out if we can make something happen now as opposed to later.Now, sooner, or logical next step is a way of taking a prospect through their timeline and meeting them at their goal.\xa0If you want to be more profitable, either make more money or spend less money, or spend the money on more productive things.Am I putting out the activity required for what I want to achieve?Keri and Dale draw an analogy comparing real estate to romantic relationships.Your ability to meet your goals depends on your mindset.Agents need to overcome the anticipation of being told no.\xa03 Key Points:Assume that everyone you meet, and have contact information for, is someone who will eventually do business with you, unless they explicitly tell you otherwise.You don’t have to create your own content. Recycle interesting content and put it in front of your prospect as a part of building the relationship.\xa0Assess your mindset. If necessary, overcome the anticipation of being told no.\xa0\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast AcademyKeri Shull: Linkedin, Facebook, InstagramDale Archdekin LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram,\xa0 | During Episode 66 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Dan Lesniak speaks with Tessabella Jelten, a thriving Arizona realtor with a large Instagram following, about how agents can grow their business using Instagram. Tessabella shares her actionable strategies for creating engaging content, generating leads, and collaborating with others through this exciting platform.\xa0\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0Tessabella started her real estate career flipping properties at age 18. After her first year, she transitioned to residential resell.\xa0She is a big advocate for Airbnb rentals in Arizona.Working with retail buyers requires an educational component.Working with retail buyers involves more emotion than working with investors.Use Instagram to network on a larger scale.IGTV can operate as your personal tv show.Case studies are a very powerful type of content for real estate.Tessabella’s feed follows a specific aesthetic.She layers titles over cover photos to show people what the video will be about.Take a long-form piece of content and recycle it as many ways as you can.\xa0Don’t be afraid of repeating yourself. It will reinforce your message.Share your message or story consistently.Hashtags can be powerful but they do take up time.Look for local hashtags you can focus on.Tessabella is a big believer in having only one Instagram account.Using your personal account allows people to see you behind-the-scenes.Creating content for Instagram is where she spends the majority of her time.People want to follow human beings more than they want to follow businesses.Instagram is the majority of her lead generation.\xa0These are very inexpensive leads.Don’t ignore Instagram. Treat it like any other lead source or platform.You can build an account from the ground up.\xa0The biggest thing that helped her grow was truly looking for a way to connect with other people.Collaboration is the most powerful tool for growth in social media.In collaboration, find ways you can mutually benefit.Opportunities will come to you when you provide value.\xa03 Key Points:Instagram allows agents to network on a larger scale.Agents can recycle their content in many ways to save time and drive home the key message.Don’t ignore Instagram. Treat it like any other lead source or platform.\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast Academy\xa0 \xa0HyperFast Sales Summit\xa0Dan Lesniak:\xa0 LinkedIn \xa0 FacebookTessabella Jelten Instagram\xa0 | During Episode 65 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Dan Lesniak speaks with Bud Torcom, CEO of Mazama Media and digital marketing expert, about what agents should be doing to enhance their digital marketing strategy now. Torcom shares his ideas about combining traditional methodologies with digital opportunities to maximize your success.\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0Bud’s business began when he offered to manage the social media accounts of local businesses.Facebook soon recruited him for their Small Business Council.Mazama Media’s largest clients are telecommunications companies and large auto dealership conglomerates.Bud describes how agents can use offline conversions to gain more data.It takes less money than ever to start your own business.Combining old school methods with new techniques will put you on the right path.Many people want to avoid the actual grind of getting things done.Dial the phone. Do things other people don’t want to do.They discuss social media engagement.Ads that get comments do better.The most shareable emotions are anger and humor.The least shareable emotion is sadness.All comments help you, even those that hurt your ego.Bud describes how one of his posts benefitted from an angry commenter.People who leave negative comments are likely in a bad place.Put more content out there.\xa0Real estate agents should be leveraging Facebook Messenger.Messenger is an efficient, safe platform that Facebook is investing heavily in right now.A side business requires discipline.If you’ve found an opening in the market, you should put some serious energy towards it.Everyone has enough time and money to try a side hustle.The biggest mistake Bud made in business was not taking 51% ownership.His advice to new realtors is to knock on doors and do the things other people don’t want to do.His advice to experienced agents is to focus on their personal brand.Bud describes the biggest business challenge he’s experienced.Bud Torcom hopes to continue helping as many entrepreneurs as possible.\xa03 Key Points:Combine old school methodologies with new digital opportunities to maximize success.Agents should start maximizing the potential of Facebook Messenger now.Everyone has enough time and money to pursue a side hustle.\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast Academy\xa0 \xa0HyperFast Sales Summit\xa0Dan Lesniak:\xa0 LinkedIn \xa0 FacebookBud Torcom LinkedIn, Instagram, FacebookMazama MediaTorcom Talk podcastOffline ConversionsTrust Me I’m Lying (book)Habit Hot Sauce | During Episode 64 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Dan Lesniak speaks with Neel Dhingra, a Top 10 Lender, about differentiating yourself online with a strong digital resume. Dhingra shares his strategy for building his presence online and going all-in on building your digital footprint.\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0Neel’s team did $100 million in business last year.\xa0Neel and Dan met at the Agent 2021 Conference.The Agent 2021 conference provided execution strategies for digital marketing.Neel started lending right out of college. He grew his team from 3 to 30 people and then the market collapsed.Now his team is back up to 12 members.The biggest lesson Neel learned during that difficult period is that you have to have a sustainable business that does not just rely on one product.The market has shifted over the last couple of years. It is now very important to build your brand online and establish a strong digital footprint.Neel gets the most engagement on Instagram.It’s not too late. You can start whenever you want.LinkedIn needs more content.The key differentiator going forward is going to be the volume of content.The level of action you need to take is a lot more than most people are willing to do.Neel decided he would show that he’s an expert by producing content at scale.Neel describes his brilliant strategies for creating long-form content that can be broken up into smaller pieces of content for different platforms.Capture conversations.You have the chance to give people a behind-the-scenes look at what you do.Ask yourself what would be helpful to the customers or to an agent in your area.Neel describes his strategy for securing an interview with Gary Vaynerchuk.\xa070% of his leads come from agents partners. 30% come from client referrals.Neel invested in customer experience.One thing that really changed his business is not overthinking spending money on improvements or marketing or events.Look at what successful people are doing outside your industry.The leverage you get from one good piece of content or one big event is massive.You can earn business by teaching agents how to market themselves.If you want to get more business, figure out how to help people.\xa03 Key Points: \xa0 People are vetting their brokers online. Build your brand and establish a strong online presence.The key differentiator moving forward will be the volume of content.\xa0One strong piece of long-form content can generate several smaller pieces of content.\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast AcademyDan Lesniak:\xa0 LinkedIn \xa0 FacebookNeel Dhingra Instagram, YouTube Agent 2021, EmailGrant CardoneHyperFast video with Billy GeneNeel’s interview with Gary V.\xa0 | During Episode 63 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Dan Lesniak offers life advice and business tips that you can take action on now. He discusses the importance of speed and consistency, hiring for your vision, and letting go of unproductive regret.\xa0\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0Speed wins all the time.Speed allows you to get more reps. More reps allow you to get more experience. More experience makes your quality go up.\xa0They tried YouTube lives for the first time. Dan is excited about this because it wasn’t perfect, but he knows it will get better.Little improvements compound and add up over time.Getting your reps in quickly will help you get better at anything and everything.Plan for where you’re going.Dan describes plans for upgrading their office space to accommodate their growing team.\xa0When people hire for where they are, they’re behind when they experience growth.If you wait too long to hire, you’re left scrambling.Hire for where you’re going.Don’t be afraid to get started just because you feel you’re late to the game.Don’t regret that you didn’t jump on something sooner.There is more runway ahead of us than behind us.It is not too late for anyone. Just get started.Don’t wait. Take advantage of your opportunities now.\xa03 Key Points:To really improve your quality, you need to execute quickly and often.Plan for where you’re going, not where you are at the moment.Don’t feel intimidated to get started just because it seems like other people are ahead of you.\xa0\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast AcademyDan Lesniak:\xa0 LinkedIn \xa0 Facebook | In Episode 62 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Keri Shull speaks with Tristan Ahumada, CEO of Lab Coat Agents, which operates the world’s largest real estate Facebook group. Tristan shares how he gained traction on Instagram and what agents can do to start leveraging this social media platform to grow their business now.\xa0\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0Real estate agents should be learning about Instagram and capitalizing on that.Instagram users are currently increasing their purchasing power.Only 8% of real estate agents are on Instagram.When you use Instagram, you have the opportunity to make a big impact on the younger generation.The first reason to use a business account on Instagram is that it allows you to promote your posts.Promote the posts that are already grabbing attention.Agents are not good at using calls to action.If you want to grow your following, always issue a call to action at the end of a story or post.Your content strategy should have a mix of personal posts, sharing wins, and quotes.An example of a personal post is a picture of you going out to dinner with your family.An example of a win is a short client interview.Quotes are very popular on Instagram.With a consistent content strategy, you start to create trust.When promoting posts, you are given the option to target a specific audience.Boosting posts brings more engagement.Try to use the same branding throughout your posts.Tessabella Jelten reiterated the need to issue calls to action.When Tessabella is talking to the camera, she imagines she’s talking to a younger version of herself. Always educate.Asking for a comment or a DM deepens your relationship with your audience.The Linktree plugin allows you to have multiple things you’re linking to.Post to Instagram once a day, and remember to always include a call to action.\xa0\xa03 Key Points:There’s a lot of opportunity for agents on Instagram. Only 8% of agents are currently using the platform in their business.Having a business account on Instagram allows you to boost your posts, which in turn helps them to get in front of more people.When posting on Instagram, remember to include a call to action.\xa0\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast AcademyKeri Shull: Linkedin \xa0 Facebook InstagramDan Lesniak InstagramTristan Ahumada website,\xa0 Instagram, second Instagram, LinkedInLab Coat Agents website, Instagram, FacebookLinktreeTessabella Jelten\xa0Instagram | During Episode 61 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Dan Lesniak speaks with Diego Corzo. Corzo is a DACA recipient, investor, and agent who teaches others how to build their wealth through real estate investments. He shares the inspiring story of how he achieved his American dream despite considerable obstacles.\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0Diego Corzo ran into major obstacles due to his immigration status. At 19 he found he couldn’t drive, work, or get financial loans to put himself through school.\xa0Corzo overcame these obstacles by forming his own LLC and becoming a contractor to cover the cost of attending college.When Corzo was 22, DACA passed. This allowed him to get a corporate job as a software developer.Corzo was committed to maintaining a positive mindset and taking action to see results.He decided he would not let his circumstances stop him from achieving his vision.In 2017, the current administration decided to terminate the DACA program. When Corzo shared his story, it went viral.\xa0He used this opportunity to help other Dreamers buy homes.According to Corzo, the American dream is something that we create based on our perseverance.Corzo runs a real estate team in Austin, Texas. He works almost exclusively through referrals.He created a detailed procedures manual that allowed him to free up more of his time.We learn how Corzo established his referral network.Don’t neglect renters. They will eventually become buyers.Corzo built an amazing business by helping his friends.Corzo started building passive income through house hacking.House hacking is a home buying strategy that involves paying a low down payment then getting roommates or short-term vacation renters to cover the mortgage.House hacking worked so well for Corzo that he started teaching others how to do it too.Realtors just starting out should spend a day or two shadowing a realtor who has what they want to have.\xa0Surround yourself with people who have achieved what you want to achieve.Just start taking action instead of becoming paralyzed.Corzo went from being a student who would actively avoid public speaking to a presenter at TEDx.\xa0\xa03 Key Points: \xa0 You can overcome major obstacles and turn those obstacles into opportunities to help others. \xa0 You can build a strong referral network by helping your friends and trying to lift them up.House hacking is one strategy for using real estate investments to build a passive income stream.\xa0\xa0Resources Mentioned:Dan Lesniak:\xa0 LinkedIn \xa0 FacebookLearn more about Hyperfast AcademyDiego Corzo website, Instagram\xa0 EmailHouse Hacking Club website, Facebook groupGobundanceTribe of Millionaires (book)Rich Dad Poor Dad (book)Diego Corzo on Fox News AustinDiego’s story in Forbes\xa0Diego’s story on CNN Money\xa0Diego’s story on entrepreneur.comCMG FinancialFirst Choice Bank\xa0Cal FinancialHome for Dreamers (website)TEDx talk\xa0\xa0 | During Episode 60 of The HyperFast Agent Podcast, host Keri Shull speaks with Travis Thom, a brilliant marketing strategist who specializes in helping agents master Facebook ads. Thom shares the five pillars of a successful re-targeting campaign. Don’t miss this exceptional information about how to advertise your business online.\xa0Episode Highlights:\xa0Travis Thom began knocking doors at 19, but spent years closing very few deals because he didn’t know how to sell.When Thom found a way to position himself as an authority, he began to enjoy success.He put out 5,000 guides for a very specific niche, ran some ads, did some email campaigns, and linked back to a website that listed homes that qualified for the program highlighted in his guide. Leads came in.Eventually, Thom sold his brokerages and started an advertising program around providing value and running successful Facebook ads.The consumer gathers information before they talk to you as an agent.Create campaigns that provide value at the top of the funnel, then target those leads in a push along the funnel.BURST= Brand story, Untapped Opportunity, Reciprocity, Social Proof, Trust.BURST describes five pillars you should implement into any of your retargeting campaigns.Position yourself as the authority in your market.Prime them and remind them.When creating a brand story, give background information about the company, tell its founding story, or introduce team members.The next ad you would run covers the untapped opportunity. An example of this is something the average consumer doesn’t know about or doesn’t know they have access to.Reciprocity means giving them an item of value. This can be something they can read such as a blog post. Provide the solution to a problem they have.In the social proof segment, you can use testimonials, raving fans, and case studies.At the end of this funnel, you’ve created trust.Shull emphasizes that this strategy is not that hard to execute.If you want help executing this strategy, Thom offers a coaching and training program with his top Facebook ad managers.Messenger bots can help you automate things you’ve said many times and answer frequently asked questions.3 Key Points: \xa0 Position yourself as an authority and find something to give people if you want to generate more leads. \xa0 Travis Thom’s BURST advertising strategy incorporates the following stages:Brand Story;\xa0Untold Story;\xa0Reciprocity;\xa0Social\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0\xa0Proof;\xa0Trust\xa0 When you’ve influenced every stage of the decision cycle, the lead has been indoctrinated.\xa0Resources Mentioned:Learn more about Hyperfast AcademyKeri Shull: Linkedin \xa0 Facebook\xa0Travis Thom website, Facebook, LinkedIn, InstagramClosing Table MastermindThe Seven Habits of Highly Effective People (book)Elevated REM', 'chan_desc': 'Dominate your Real Estate Market and create unlimited growth in Business and Life by surrounding yourself with people who have been where you are going. The HyperFast Agent Podcast will give you access to top business leaders like Gary Vaynerchuck & Grant Cardone along with Top Real Estate Agents, coaches and industry leaders all eager to share their knowledge to help you achieve success at your highest level. Your hosts Keri Shull and Dan Lesniak are Billion Dollar Agents that lead one of the top real estate teams in the county. They will  share tips from their best selling book, The HyperLocal, HyperFast Real Estate Agent and ask their guests the questions you want to know about how to scale your business, build strategies for passive income and ultimately create an amazing life where you achieve all your dreams. Learn from others and implement the strategies you hear during these podcast to grow your business HyperFast.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/2a/29/c3/2a29c30d-1c4c-2c5e-1b60-cc4364d8fe44/mza_5331201176784500094.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-02-08'}}

{'Cool Things Entrepreneurs Do': {'title': 'Cool Things Entrepreneurs Do', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Cool-Things-Entrepreneurs-Do-id7588', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Thom Singer interviews entrepreneurs solopreneurs and business leaders ab', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 542, 'play_count': 7186, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.thomsinger.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 409, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:28:34', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:29:50', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:40:32', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:36:21', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:37:05', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:32:20', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:31:30', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:28:14', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:14:45', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:25:45', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Lou Diamond is a dynamic speaker and master connector who will energize and motivate your organization to explode your sales, retain your clients and build a thriving culture...\xa0 \xa0 For over 25 years he has been a top sales performer, keynote speaker and performance mentor. He is also CEO of THRIVE, a company focused on helping brands become even more amazing through the power of connecting. \xa0 When he isn’t speaking or working on his top-rated Thrive LOUD podcast, he is watching his kids grow up too fast, obsessing over how bad his sports teams are, listening to country music…and playing some ‘not-so-great’ golf \xa0  https://thriveloud.com\xa0 \xa0  https://thomsinger.com/podcast/lou-diamond \xa0 | Check out episode 497. Thom sits down with Dennis Langlais to talk about his unique path from BMX stunt rider to successful entrepreneur.  Born and raised in New England, Dennis Langlais is a Patriots fan. He moved to California at the age 18 and landed in La Jolla. He came west to pursue a career in BMX Freestyle where he was lucky enough to travel the world competing at the highest levels in the BMX Stunt world.  With this sport he got a crash course in discipline, hard work and the ability to tap into “Peak Performance” mindset. After his career in BMX he turned his passion as a rider into a business doing BMX shows and it became one of the most successful school assembles of its kind nationwide.. The company performed at an average of 700 schools a years. Earning Dennis a comfortable 6 figure income doing something he loved.  Dennis currently has three up and coming ventures:  RankingMastery.com RankingMastery provides users the ability to automate SEO webpages with content and disperse in with awesome relevance across 100\'s of pages in a way that\'s not available on any other platform. If you are looking to make your mark in a simple way on the search engines this is your ticket.  BMXFreestylers.com is a school assembly program for schools using BMX stunt riders to educate & entertain students in a memorable way available nationwide to thousands of schools.  FIVEMinuteBark.com is 380 episodes of impacting conversations with other entrepreneurs share life\'s meaning, major shifts in thinking that lead to highly effective execution. He digs deep to uncover the core roots of change where many enter a "Next Level Peak Performance" state that surges them through unsurmountable obstacles lined with fear, pain, or perceived danger.  Check out his answer to who he admires as an entrepreneur... some people might be triggered by the name, but his answer is not political and something to make you think.  https://thomsinger.com/podcast/be-the-best | Listen to episode 486 for a discussion about sales, selling, and sales skills with leading selling consultant Jim Pancero. \xa0 If you are excited, motivated\xa0 and ready to improve your sales team’s success, then Jim Pancero has the leading-edge solutions\xa0 you need to increase your competitive advantage. A leading go-to sales and sales leadership strategist for 37 years, Jim has been influencing, guiding and inspiring sales teams in more than 80 different industries to increase their sales and market share.\xa0 \xa0 They say you can’t teach an old dog new tricks…but that’s not entirely true. Even with over 37 years of experience, Jim is still learning and sharing new tools, new techniques and new tactics to connect you with today’s modern buyer. Even if your sales team thinks the status quo is good enough, Jim can still show them how they can take their sales to a whole new level. \xa0 Jim’s combination of humor, larger-than-life personality, outstanding research and real-world examples that hit home provide even experienced sales pros and their leaders who think they’ve heard it all with strategies and concepts that work! Your sales team will be charged up and ready to go......and your company and customers will reap the rewards. Time with Jim is time well spent--watch your productivity and profitability soar! To learn more about Jim check out his\xa0www.pancero.com\xa0website, weekly LinkedIn postings as well as his over 50 videos on YouTube and Vimeo. We know you and your team are good, now are they ready to get even better? \xa0  https://thomsinger.com/podcast/sales-skills | Jack Jostes is the President + CEO of\xa0Ramblin Jackson, a digital marketing agency based in Boulder, CO that helps landscaping companies throughout the country increase their lead generation through local SEO and digital branding. The author of the Amazon Best-Selling book,\xa0Get FOUND Online: The Local Business Owner’s Guide To Digital Marketing,\xa0Jack has been featured in Lawn and Landscape, Colorado Green Magazine, Turf Magazine, INC. Magazine, and other industry publications. He regularly speaks at regional, national, and international businesses conferences including the green industry events like the ProGreen EXPO, the Farwest Show, National Association of Landscape Professionals (NALP), and the TNLA’s Nursery Landscape EXPO. \xa0 Grab a free copy of Jack\'s book from\xa0LandscapingBook.com | \xa0      This episode was recorded live at the New Media Summit in San Diego, California.\xa0 Davi Rhein is a Harvard educated economist who now helps professional athletes (and others) through body work.\xa0 In this episode Davi shares his journey. At 33 he sees the world in a unique way and is fully open to who he is in all aspects of his life.\xa0 He treats every interaction with any human as an opportunity to understand them and deliver value.\xa0  Davi is living his dream and exploring life.\xa0 We also talk about\xa0ayahuasca and his experiences with this medicine.\xa0 He lives his life publicly and his authenticity makes this a must hear episode.\xa0  Davi Rhein is a shamanic healer, speaker, and coach. He is empowering others by sharing conscious language, mindfulness, and healthy diet and movement practices, while also introducing new paradigms for relating with self and others, overcoming fear, and creating community. In his individual and small-group healing sessions, he utilizes a wide-ranging blend of Eastern and Western well-being strategies. He is a strong proponent of traditional plant medicines as a vehicle for spiritual evolution and physical and mental healing. He also teaches contact improvisation dance classes (www.dancingdavi.com) and performs a proprietary form of hands-on bodywork with his business partner Math Hunter. The two work together, in tandem with a single client, in sessions ranging from 4-10 hours; it is a full restructuring of the soft tissues and realignment of resting posture. The two work with both high performance athletes and with folks who are struggling with chronic discomfort and limitations in the body (www.dynamicrestructuring.com).  His mission is to raise the consciousness of the planet by challenging individuals to discover their power, take action, and explore new ways of healing and relating with others. He loves to reveal the unseen fabric of assumptions and expectations that has driven many to unhealthy lifestyle choices and self-defeating mental patterns.  Davi has a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Harvard University and an MBA from UCLA Anderson. He served in the Peace Corps in Ecuador and spent three years studying the healing arts and traveling throughout Southeast Asia.\xa0  Davi came to his mission of healing through his own struggle with chronic pain as a competitive soccer player from age 8 until 23. Inspired by the healing treatments he received, he decided to dedicate his life to healing others.  Watch his TEDx talk here: bit.ly/drtedxucla  Learn more about Davi at https://dynamicrestructuring.com\xa0  https://thomsinger.com/podcast/davi-rhein      \xa0 \xa0 | Kevin Eikenberry is a recognized world expert on leadership development and learning and is the Chief Potential Officer of The Kevin Eikenberry Group (http://KevinEikenberry.com). He has spent more than 25 years helping organizations across North America, and leaders from around the world, on leadership, learning, teams and teamwork, communication and more.\xa0 Twice he has been named by\xa0Inc.com\xa0as one of the top 100 Leadership and Management Experts in the World and has been included in many other similar lists. He is the author, co-author or a contributing author to nearly 20 books, including Remarkable Leadership and bestseller From Bud to Boss – Secrets of the Successful Transition to Remarkable Leadership (with Guy Harris), The Long-Distance Leader: Rules for Remarkable Remote Leadership (with Wayne Turmel).\xa0 His blog is consistently ranked among the world’s best, most read and most shared on leadership.\xa0\xa0 \xa0 | About Texas Mutual: Texas Mutual Insurance Company is the state\'s leading workers\' compensation provider. The company insures 43% of the Texas workers\' compensation market. More than 70,000 business owners rely on Texas Mutual to meet the needs of their 1.5 million workers every day. Texas Mutual answer the call by providing exceptional safety services, top-notch medical care if an accident occurs, claims handling processes designed to get employees well and back to work, and a zero-tolerance fraud policy. Texas Mutual also has the financial strength to deliver on its promises. Last year alone, Texas Mutual wrote over $1 billion in premium. The company’s financial strength is underscored by an A.M. Best rating of "A” and its listed among the Ward’s 50 highest performing insurance carriers in the company. Texas Mutual has also been named one of the Best Companies to Work for in Texas, as one of the Healthiest Employers in Austin, participates in the Austin Energy Green Business Leader program and recently won an Austin Gives Generous Business Award for community involvement. \xa0 About Jeremiah: \xa0 Jeremiah Bentley is the vice president of Marketing & Community Affairs at Texas Mutual Insurance Company insurance. He oversees the company’s marketing, public relations, advertising, community relations, education, digital media and customer outreach efforts. He previously worked in corporate communications and government affairs over his 20 year career with the company. \xa0 Jeremiah is on the Board of Directors and executive committee for the United Way for Greater Austin, on the executive committee of the Greater of Austin Chamber of Commerce, on the board of the Greater Austin Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and serves in a variety of other roles in community organizations throughout the Austin area. Jeremiah was a member of the McBee Fellow class of 2018 with the Austin Area Research Organization and is a 2015 graduate of the Leadership Austin Essentials program. He was also a Volunteer of the Year for the Greater Austin Chamber of Commerce in 2018. \xa0 Jeremiah lives in northwest Austin with his wife Brandy and two young boys. He’s active in the local elementary school, the Austin soccer community, Bethany United Methodist Church and on the board of his sons’ neighborhood swim team. He’s a graduate of the University of Texas-Arlington with a BS in University Studies. | Episode 491 of “Cool Things Entrepreneurs Do” is co-produced in partnership with the\xa0Austin Technology Council, the largest tech industry organization in Central Texas. ATC empowers members by using insights, resources, and connections so their members can succeed and thrive. \xa0 In this episode Thom Singer interviews Robert McKee and Dr. David Altounian about the new "Scaling Series" that will be hosted by the Austin Technology Council. \xa0 \xa0 The 2019 Scaling Series is designed to equip your executives with the MBA-Level skills necessary to transform your company into a $10M-$100M in revenue enterprise. Each of your executives will join us for the evening session(s) that is(are) tailored to their area of discipline within your company during\xa0this 10-week seminar series. You will learn from MBA professors and expert practitioners who provide\xa0thought leadership around critical growth, operations, and governance issues to executives who are\xa0growing and scaling their business. \xa0 For more information or to register to\xa0participate, email Amber Gunst (amber@austintechnologycouncil.org).\xa0 \xa0 The 2019 Scaling Series is in partnership with\xa0Rice Alliance,\xa0St. Edward’s University, and Baker Botts L.L.P. \xa0  https://thomsinger.com/podcast/atc-scaling-series | Episode 490... only 10 more until the big 500.\xa0 In this episode Thom Singer talks about how to challenge yourself to think big.\xa0 He as interviewed today on the "Extra Mile" podcast (where he had to go running with the host while being interviewed).\xa0 Along the way, he was challenged to think bigger. While he did not have an answer on the spot (he was out of breath), the thought stuck with him all day.... like a angel or devil on his shoulder. \xa0 Charity Miles founder, Gene Gurkoff, asked Thom why not think bigger.\xa0 This is a question that lingered.\xa0 Why not.\xa0 How can we all think bigger. What are we doing in our careers to challenge ourselves to go all the way? \xa0 Thom has no answers in this podcast, but he does have questions for the listeners. He challenges the listeners to share what they do to go bigger.\xa0 If they do not know the answer, he invited them to have a conversation with him (maybe he and a listener can see blind-spots for each other?). \xa0 Thom will be inviting Gene Gurkoff from Charity Miles to be on the podcast very soon, as he really likes the cause and how Gene is growing his mission. | Check out episode 489 of "Cool Things Entrepreneurs Do" as Thom Singer sits down with his friend Maura Thomas.\xa0 Maura a leading expert in the field of "Attention Management".\xa0 She is has a new book coming out that helps people do more than grasp time management or find productivity.\xa0 Maura shows you how to manage where you put your attention.\xa0\xa0 \xa0 She has been speaking on this topic for over a decade, and has put together a great book that is a must read.\xa0 \xa0 Listen to this podcast interview and get inspired about attention management.\xa0 \xa0 About Maura Thomas \xa0 Maura Nevel Thomas is an award-winning international speaker and trainer on individual and corporate productivity and work-life balance, and the most widely-cited authority on attention management. Her proprietary Empowered Productivity™ System, a process for achieving significant results and living a life of choice, has influenced the practices at organizations such as the U.S. Army, L’Oréal, and Dell. She is a TEDx Speaker, founder of Regain Your Time, author of three books, and was named a Top Leadership Speaker for 2018 in Inc. Magazine. \xa0 Maura is frequently cited as an expert in major business outlets including Forbes, Fast Company, and Huffington Post, and she’s also a regular contributor to the Harvard Business Review, with articles there viewed over a million times. Follow her on Twitter @mnthomas.\xa0 \xa0  https://maurathomas.com\xa0 \xa0 About Maura\'s Book - Attention Management\xa0 \xa0 Attention Management: How to Create Success and Gain Productivity–Every Day \xa0   Have you tried everything to become more productive—but you\'re still too busy and stressed? That\'s because the old approaches to productivity just don\'t work in today\'s fast-paced, tech-driven workplaces. What does work? Time management is outdated. Attention management is the solution you need. \xa0 \xa0 Attention management is the most essential skill you need to live a life of choice rather than a life of reaction and distraction. It\'s a collection of behaviors, including focus, mindfulness, control, presence, flow, and other skills, that will support your success. Productivity speaker, trainer, and author Maura Nevel Thomas shows you how to master attention management with practical strategies that make an immediate impact.  \xa0      It’s hard to offer your unique gifts when you are overworked, overtired, and overwhelmed. Attention is now the most valuable commodity. This book provides the tools and strategies to regain control of your life and work. You can do more of the things that matter most to you. Coming soon from Ignite Reads: “Spark impact in just one hour!”    https://Maurathomas.com/books/attention-management-book \xa0 \xa0 Check out this episode:\xa0https://thomsinger.com/podcast/attention-management\xa0 ', 'chan_desc': 'Exploring the gap between potential and results in business.  This is a podcast for people who seek success as an entrepreneur or solopreneur.   If you desire motivation, ideas, inspiration, and the chance to learn from people who are living their dreams, then “Cool Things Entrepreneurs Do” should be added to your subscribed “must hear” podcasts.  This show was created to help people get “unstuck” in their careers and for those who feel their ladder is against the wrong wall.  Each episode brings you the successful stories of entrepreneurship.  Goal setting, mentorship, mastermind groups, mindset, marketing, sales, millionaires, career path, peak performance, thinking bigger, networking, enthusiasm, re-invention, leveling up, and financial planning are just some of the topics that are covered each week.  Thom Singer is the author of 12 books and has been the featured speaker at over 700 business and association events.  Join him on this journey and become part of the “Cool Things” community. #solopreneurs #entrepreneurs #business #biztips', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts3/v4/d5/4b/e9/d54be971-8b03-f59c-bf7b-0f8b016d5163/mza_2776331516018463580.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-07-21'}}

{'Carlos Marquez Podcast': {'title': 'Carlos Marquez Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Carlos-Marquez-Podcast-id28420', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Carlos Marquez', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 204, 'play_count': 2312, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://adelanteconcarlos.com'], 'ep_total': 174, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:52:43', 0], ['2019-10-04', '00:53:25', 0], ['2019-10-04', '01:07:13', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:49:54', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:39:34', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:02:27', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:52:20', 0], ['2019-10-02', '01:02:37', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:50:48', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:53:26', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': '¿Por qué no has emprendido? ¿Te falta del dinero, te falta conocimiento del producto? Carlos Marquez te dice la realidad del porqué tú no has emprendido y te has quedado en la mediocridad. | ¿Tienes miedo, eres desidioso o te consideras viejo para emprender? Carlos Marquez te dice cómo identificar estas excusas y a como erradicarlas de tu vida. | Carlos Marquez te comparte el ¿Cómo y cuándo desarrollar tu propia marca?, no te pierdas este consejo para poder posicionarse en el mercado y así incrementar tus ventas. | Julie Stav y Carlos Marquez te comparten seis sugerencias financieras para que tus padres tengan una jubilación tranquila y con dinero en la mano.\xa0 | ¿Tienes la mentalidad de pobre? ¿Qué consideras como riqueza? Carlos Marquez te comparte las respuestas de estas preguntas, además de cómo obtener la verdadera felicidad que en ocasiones es momentánea y ficticia. | ¿Vendes productos piratas? entonces, tú no tienes un verdadero negocio Carlos Marquez te dice porqué en la Recarga del Día.\xa0 | Julie Stav y Carlos Marquez te dicen cómo administrar tu dinero hoy, para tener un mejor futuro y tener un buen retiro con mucho dinero en la mano.\xa0\xa0 | ¿Sabes lo es lo que es el E-commerce? Carlos Marquez te dice cómo este te ayudará a crecer en tu negocio y a tener tu jubilación asegurada con esta herramienta comercial. | Carlos Marquez te dice si en realidad ¿Te falta dinero o te falta visión para comenzar a emprender y a tener éxito en los negocios?\xa0 | Carlos Marquez te dice cómo ganar tus primeros $1000 dolares en esta nueva plataforma en MERCARI, ¡Aprende vender línea ahora! \xa0', 'chan_desc': '¿Eres un empleado y quieres acumular riqueza? Adelante con Carlos es el único programa de la radio en español que te lleva de la mano para que inicies tu propio negoció con muy poco dinero.  Este programa radial ha transformado la vida de miles de personas que han puesto en práctica los consejos de Carlos Márquez basados en su exitosa carrera empresarial. Escucha Adelante con Carlos y descubre las oportunidades ilimitadas que te ofrece el mundo empresarial.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/27/81/dc/2781dc41-73bc-0faa-1dfa-eb54a14704d2/mza_6151749534177371226.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-04-07'}}

{'Franchise Secrets Podcast': {'title': 'Franchise Secrets Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Franchise-Secrets-Podcast-id2096254', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Erik Van Horn', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 7, 'play_count': 85, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.franchisesecrets.com/'], 'ep_total': 25, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:35:36', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:13:26', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:33:16', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:48:00', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:22:26', 1], ['2019-09-04', '00:30:45', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:47:04', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:38:19', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:35:13', 1], ['2019-07-31', '00:47:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Are you interested in the process of raising capital to buy a franchise? Do you know how to properly structure the arrangement? When you’re not able to completely fund the purchase yourself this can be a viable option—if you know where to start. Brian Noble of West Point Optical Group is here to lend his expertise in this episode of Franchise Secrets. Bill graduated from West Point with a degree in Engineering Management and went on to get his MBA in Management from Harvard. He took his extensive background in leadership and business and pitched to a group of investors. A few short years later, he now owns 60 Pearle Vision Franchise locations around the country. Outline of This Episode  [0:35] I introduce my guest, Bill Noble. [1:25] Bill’s background in the industry [4:30] From LensCrafters to Pearle Vision [6:45] Taking the leap into a new opportunity [9:45] Bringing investors into the journey [16:40] What his original investment group raised [20:15] Advice for someone pitching to investors [26:20] Crafting your operating agreement\xa0 [29:20] How the original strategy evolved  What pushed Bill over the edge and into franchising Bill grew up in a family of entrepreneurs. His Dad owned a flower shop and a Jazz Club and his Mom owned two daycare centers. As he worked through college and business school his goal was to get a C-Suite level position—he thought this was his path. He carefully chose the schools he attended and the positions he accepted to position himself for a job in a Fortune 500 Company.\xa0 He didn’t want to be an entrepreneur, but it was in his blood.\xa0 He was working at LensCrafters in operations and fell in love with Retail Optical. He knew of the competitors in the space and heard of an opportunity with Pearle Vision. When he got passed up for a promotion with his current company, he knew it was time to move in a different direction. Listen as we talk about his transition from corporate America into franchise ownership.\xa0 The decision to begin raising capital\xa0 When Bill and his wife decided for him to dive-in headfirst, he immediately started formulating a business plan. This wasn’t a quick overnight ‘let’s throw something together’ business plan. He took weeks to hammer it out. He ran it by close friends for a sounding board. His biggest hurdle was getting the potential investors to understand the optical retail space. Many of them had some sort of brand-awareness but didn’t know the space, so it was his job to educate them while pitching. Originally, he was asking for an investment to purchase 10-25 stores in a three to five year time period. His original investment group raised 2.1 million dollars.\xa0 Don’t know what an accredited investor is? The SEC defines it in Rule 501 of Regulation D. Listen to the full episode as we discuss what that means and why it’s important!\xa0 Accredited Investors are betting on you—not the franchise When you’re looking for funding, the easiest place to start is trusted family or friends. If you don’t have people in your life with that kind of capital (or unwilling to bet on you) then you can turn to accredited investors. Bill recommends creating a tier system for who you reach out to for investment opportunity.  Tier One: consists of close family or friends with the means to invest Tier Two: people you have a professional relationship with or acquaintances.\xa0 Tier Three: “friends of friends” - those you approach when you’ve exhausted all other options.\xa0  Craft an operating agreement with the proper protection in place Bill structured his operating agreement so your dollar amount was your ownership amount. Everyone needed to be equally vested. He was also sure to have it written in that his position as CEO was protected. The only way he can be removed or replaced as CEO is if he commits a crime.\xa0 The agreement was also structured to protect the equity investment of every partner. In his first capital call, everyone invested proportionately. However, on his second capital call, 2 investors fell short or didn’t have the means to match. The other investors were all given the opportunity to invest equal amounts towards the shortfall so their equity wasn't diluted.\xa0 Bill and I continue to talk about his original strategy and how it evolved, putting the proper systems in place, and taking risks—so listen to the very end! Resources & People Mentioned  Pearle Vision Franchise Essilor Eyeglass Lenses LensCrafters Accredited Investor  Connect with Bill Noble  Bill on LinkedIn West Point Optical Group West Point on LinkedIn  Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn  | Do you know how to properly look at valuation when selling a franchise? Do you know how to properly calculate what your business is worth? If you want to sell your franchise someday, you must know what its value is—and continue to increase it. I divulge some of my best advice in this episode of Franchise Secrets. Check it out! Outline of This Episode  [2:00] How I Look at Valuation [2:45] How to structure your business for better resale value [6:50] Buy your time back: Remove yourself from day-to-day operations [9:25] Hire people that you can truly empower  A couple of common ways a business is valuated  EBITDA: Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. It is a measure of a company’s operating performance. You’re measuring cash-flow. Revenue: Tracking your revenue and valuing the business by a multiplier (this is typically based on the industry—anywhere from 0.5 times the revenue to 4 times the revenue).\xa0  I think both of these things can be important, but to grow, diversify, and scale your business there is one thing\xa0that is more important. Keep listening to find out.\xa0 The easiest way to increase what your business is worth Remove yourself from the day-to-day operations of your business. It’s that simple. It may be a little harder to carry out, but if you’re even remotely thinking you’d like to sell your business someday, you have to think about it. An investor looking to purchase a business does not want to buy into something that requires them to work 40+ hour weeks. They want a high-level business that is run by high-level management that allows them to be strategists and investors. Hire the right people that you can empower The first step in buying back your time? Hire an executive assistant. Someone to take day-to-day tasks off your plate. Decide what your time is worth, and invest your time into things that only you can do. Parse other tasks out to people you trust to carry out the work.\xa0 The goal is to build a team that you trust to run your business without you present. You need to know if you’re sick and in the hospital that your business will continue to thrive. You want to be able to take a 3-week vacation and be comfortable with what you come back to.\xa0 Hire people who are capable of operating as owners and have the ability to make tough decisions. Hire a team of people full of integrity. Invest your time in them, give them avenues for growth, and be available to them. But the end goal should be that they are efficient and independent of you. Listen to the full episode for more details and tips and how to increase your valuation! Resources & People Mentioned  The Miracle Morning for Entrepreneurs Meetings Suck by Cameron Herold  Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn TalkWithErik.com  | If you have a passion for swimming then you’re in the same lane as the founder of the Big Blue Swim School franchise! He knew there had to be a better solution than renting pool time for swim lessons. His business was born out of a desire to offer better customer experience and a better learning environment for his students. Chris DeJong grew up in the world of competitive swimming. After barely missing qualifying for the Olympics in 2004 and 2008, he knew it was time to move forward. So he took his passion for swimming and turned it into a thriving business. Listen to the full episode of Franchise Secrets for his story and how he believes you should properly operate a franchise.\xa0 Outline of This Episode  [0:35] I introduce my guest, Chris DeJong. [2:45] What competitive swimmers go through [6:20] Where the Big Blue Swim School started [9:10] What sets them apart from the competition? [13:35] Why Chris chose the route of franchising [16:10] Building a relationship with his franchisees [21:00] Bringing in Level 5 Capital Partners [26:10] Advice for a new franchisor [30:50] Last pieces of advice\xa0  The Big Blue Swim School franchise humble beginnings Growing up, Chris spent his days between the beach or a pool. As he began swimming competitively, he’d spend 4+ hours a day swimming plus a land-based workout. He was the captain of the University of Michigan swim team and competed on the US National team for 9 years. He narrowly missed making the Olympics multiple times. The lowest point in his life was when he made one of the best decisions of his life. He started teaching. Starting his business was the passion that grew out of his disappointment. A saying that he loves is “It’s okay to give up 1,000 times as long as your feet never stop moving”. Take a step back, recover and gain perspective, and forge ahead. So he and his wife rented out pool time and began offering lessons. They built their weekly lesson base to over 600 kids a week—taking whatever pool time “scraps” they could get. Yet they were still gaining traction. After a lot of meetings with investors and hard work, they opened their own facility—jumping to 2200 students in the space of a week. What sets Big Blue apart from the competition? Chris wanted to build a business that served his students. A comfortable place to learn and grow that was family friendly. When you rent time at a pool you have no control over variables such as pool temperature, chemicals used, and the schedule available. He wanted to create a model where he got to control the variables. Chris knew that understanding his customers was the key to repeat customers. So they built out their facilities. They keep their pools at 91 degrees, offering comfortable water for kids to swim in. They take families into account and have an air-conditioned viewing room for parents. With individual showers and changing rooms, they are setting the bar high for the competition. Keep listening to find out what else makes them truly unique.\xa0 How Chris supports and encourages his franchisees Chris decided to become a franchisor because he wanted to partner with people just as passionate about swimming as he is. He’s been fortunate enough to pull in franchisees with experience working in Orange Theory and Planet Fitness. They truly understand that space that he’s in. He loves that he gets to benefit from the expertise of everyone that becomes part of the team. None of us is smarter than all of us, right? His goal as a franchisor is to build mutually beneficial relationships with his franchisees. His franchise wants to anticipate problems and help overcome them. They’re part of the site selection, construction, marketing and so much more from day one. He believes you’re failing as a franchisor if you’re letting your brand new franchisees fend for themselves. Partnering with Level 5 Capital Partners Big Blue began working with Level 5 Capital Partners to begin building out their franchise model. It’s been a decision that has significantly impacted them for the better on a day-to-day level. They are data-driven and have their system down to a science. The sales and operation experience they bring to the table has helped Big Blue Swim School explode. The swim school has now sold 45 franchise locations.\xa0 With the expertise of Level 5 Capital Partners, Chris is confident in the direction they’re taking. He’s also confident in his product—the ability to swim is something that cannot be replaced. It is valuable across the country and is recession-resistant. Chris took a healthy economic model and paired it with expertise and passion—and now the sky's the limit. Looking for more details and advice? Listen to the whole episode with Chris DeJong now! Resources & People Mentioned  Big Blue Swim School Big Blue on Facebook Level 5 Capital Partners  Connect with Chris DeJong  Chris on LinkedIn  Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn  | Are you trying to develop organizational efficiency in your business? Are you trying to find a way to take a step back and become an owner and strategist—NOT an operator? Effective leadership as a business owner begins with some tactical decision making. Mike Michalowicz, a renowned entrepreneur and author, is my guest today. Listen if you want to learn more about building an organization that can function independently of you.\xa0 Mike has been an entrepreneur for over 25 years and thought he knew it all. After running successful businesses—and making a lot of money—he ran an angel investing firm. After investing in businesses that drained his bank account, Mike had to declare bankruptcy. His story is all about overcoming his pride, and rebuilding his life and business from zero to the entrepreneurial success he is today. Mike’s goal as he’s writing his books is to eradicate entrepreneurial poverty. Don’t miss this episode of Franchise Secrets! Outline of This Episode  [1:10] Mike’s entrepreneurial journey [4:00] When he lost everything it changed everything [12:30] Design your business to run itself [16:50] What was dinner with Michael Gerber like? [20:40] Look for a common thread that resonates with you [26:15] His research on productivity and organizational efficiency [36:00] What is the biggest promise you make to your consumers? [40:55] Delegation is the assignment of outcomes—not tasks [44:10] Hire employees who want to be entrepreneurs  How do you know if your business is on the brink of failure? According to Mike, 83% of entrepreneurs are struggling to survive check-to-check. Sometimes we can’t face the truth that we’re struggling. We tell ourselves “I’ve been doing this for years, I know what I’m doing” as our business circles the drain. The truth is, you need to admit that you have a problem. Don’t wait until your business is failing to have your “aha” moment.\xa0 Mike recommends taking a good hard look at your patterns of the past. Dig deep into your repeating patterns—are they helping or hurting your business? Return to the basics of fundamental business health and focus on what you can change so it has a future.\xa0 Organizational Efficiency begins with designing the business to run itself The topic of Mike’s latest book is designing your business to be able to run itself. Every entrepreneur seems to believe they have to grind and hustle and work harder longer. That doesn’t need to be your baseline. He argues that for your business to be successful at all, you need to learn how to separate yourself from the business. Why? It will have zero resale value if the business cannot operate with you.\xa0 So how do you know if you’ve built your business to the point it can survive without you? Take a 4-week vacation. If your business can run without you and is still succeeding, you’ve successfully shifted from operator to owner. Mike offers a solution—which he outlines in his book—where you can fully transition out of your business in only 2 years. Keep listening for details! Fulfill the promise you make to your customers There are only two things you need to focus your attention on for your business to run successfully:  What is the biggest promise you make to your consumers?   What is the most important activity that makes that promise a reality?  Do not compromise your #1 promise to your customer. You need to identify this and focus all of your attention on that. Then, hire the right person to handle that promise. Choreograph the resources around you. Position your team—by taking advantage of their individual talents—in a way that they complement each other. It is powerful when your entire team is moving towards that collective goal. Delegation is not assigning tasks—it is assigning outcomes You need to make a mindset shift as you’re transitioning out of the everyday operation of your business. Make a cognitive decision—you are either the linchpin that will handle this piece, or you will delegate it out. The majority of people don’t handle it correctly. When you delegate a task to someone, you delegate whatever outcome may come. You have to approve and accept all of the decisions made by your employees. If they’re constantly coming back to you to ask questions or receive approval, you’re still the one making decisions. That isn’t delegation. So hire people who are free-thinking problem-solvers. Without a doubt, mistakes will be made—but they will learn from it in a way they couldn’t if you were hovering. Mike and I talk about hiring the key players to run your business—so listen to the rest of the episode! Resources & People Mentioned  Book: Clockwork by Mike Michalowicz Book: Profit First by Mike Michalowicz Book: The E Myth by Michael E. Gerber Monday.com BombBomb  Connect with Mike Michalowicz  Mike’s Website Mike’s LinkedIn Mike’s Twitter  Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn TalkWithErik.com  | Today I’m going to give you insight into my deal matrix— how I choose what franchise to purchase. Over the years working as a franchisee, area developer, and serial entrepreneur I’ve developed a method for choosing franchises that will work for me. If you’re interested in owning a franchise and aren’t sure about working with a consultant, listen to this episode now! I’ll talk all about costs to consider, what industry to choose, and the franchise structure in place.\xa0 Outline of This Episode  [0:35] Erik’s Deal Matrix [2:20] Taking cost into consideration [7:00] What I look for in a deal [12:15] What to look for in a franchisor [17:45] Finding the right franchise consultant  Taking cost into consideration Cost is probably the #1 thing on the forefront of your mind when researching franchise opportunities. The cost can be prohibitive and you’ll often find yourself having to decline a good opportunity. Starting costs can be high. So how do you make the leap? Are there ways to overcome the ‘no’ and make a purchase? If you have an investor willing to partner with you and cover some of the starting costs it can make a huge impact. Family, friends, or fellow entrepreneurs who know your work ethic and trust you to be successful are an asset. There’s always one thing I ask—that they are willing to be involved in the process from the very beginning.\xa0 My deal matrix: 4 things to look for when choosing an industry Another important topic you need to consider is what industry to get involved in. As an owner, there are 4 things I always look for:  You want a business model that has recurring revenue where you can acquire customers and retain them—it’s all about client happiness! I prefer industries that allow semi-absentee ownership that allows me to put a management team in place locally. I want a business where the customer wants to be there. I don’t want my time spent convincing them they need a product or service. My employees—my team—need to be invested and enjoying what they do daily. If they love what they do it makes a huge positive impact on the business.  The industries I choose to be involved in allow for all of these conditions. Listen on as I’ll explain the ‘why’ behind my reasoning.\xa0 What characteristics do you look for in a franchisor? I’ve worked with 6 different brands and know what to look for. Keep in mind, there is no perfect franchise and they all require a time investment on your part. But there are some things that you can pinpoint that will make the process easier for everyone involved. So what’s this highly important factor? Make sure the franchisor has the necessary experience to lead the franchise to success. The franchisor (or someone on their leadership team) needs experience in franchising—it’s hard to trust and lean on someone if they have zero knowledge of the industry. Secondly, they need to be experienced in the industry their franchise is in. To find out red flags to watch out for, keep listening.\xa0 Finding the right franchise consultant Franchise consultants tend to get a bad rap. Unfortunately, for many, it’s a sales job. So how do you know you’ve got the right person to help you through the process? Learn to know when you’re being sold to. If they’re pushy about a particular brand that doesn’t fit the qualifications you’re looking for, it’s time to move on.\xa0 You also want to choose someone who has experience. If a consultant hasn’t been a franchisee themselves, do they really know what they’re talking about? I strive to be real and tell it like it is. I will tell you if the cost is too high, if the industry isn’t a good fit, and will make sure you’re ready for the franchise you’re taking on.\xa0 This episode is full of my best advice for choosing a franchise and a franchise consultant. If you’re ready to dive in and choose a franchise to invest in, tune in for the full episode! Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn FranchiseSecrets.com TalkWithErik.com  | A business partnership can be daunting to some—and to others, it’s their means of being able to own a Franchise in the first place. Do you know where you fall on the spectrum? Are you open to a partnership or actively looking for a partner? In this episode of Franchise Secrets I talk about some of the challenges in navigating business partnerships but some of the immense benefits as well. If you’re interested in my journey in the world of franchising you’ll learn all about it in this episode. Outline of This Episode  [0:35] What my first partnerships looked like [5:55] Working as an area developer and franchise consultant [9:00] Work as a franchisee and challenges that ensued [16:20] What I’ve done when things don’t go as expected [19:55] How to structure partnership groups [23:45] Under-promise and over-deliver on your partnership [26:20] Characteristics to look for in a partner  Develop who you are in your partnership My first partnership was with my parents—and they were hesitant to be involved. I asked them to cover the closing costs for my first rental property with the promise of paying them back. I think they dove into it with me because they didn’t want to see me fail. I wanted to prove to them that I had the drive and tenacity to make this work.\xa0 Through the process, I realized what my skills were and where I excelled. Marketing was a really good fit for me. Through the years I’ve honed and developed my strengths. I succeed when I can play the role of invest and advisor. Where do your strengths lie? Would a partnership with someone who complimented you be a good fit?\xa0 Some important takeaways that I’ve learned about a business partnership I’ve been an area developer, a franchise owner, and a consultant—I’ve had years of practice in my many different hats. I enjoy partnerships and have found them to be extremely effective for what I like to do. Here are a couple of things I think are important when considering a partnership:  Make sure you have a local player (or hire someone) who has connections and relationships in the geographic area   Make sure you have clear roles for each partner   Have a clear operating agreement in place that you can reference   Learn when an opportunity isn’t the right fit and how to make a timely exit  I cover many more helpful tips—so keep listening! Make sure you and your partners all agree on what success means Make sure that your partners have the same mentality and goals relating to the business and its performance. Clearly define who holds what role in the business. Above all, do your best to hire the right people. Hire managers who have the mentality of owners who will do whatever it takes to grow the business you’ve invested in. In your role, make sure you under-promise and over-deliver.\xa0 You’ve probably heard it before, but it is a standard to live by. When everyone has clearly defined roles and is constantly over-performing you will continue to see success. For me, money is just a byproduct of success. Obviously, success means something different for everyone—so define what that is for yourself.\xa0 What characteristics to look for in a partner So what do you look for in a business partner(s)? I believe it’s important to go into business with people who have the same goal as you but play different roles. If you want to be the investor and advisor find someone who likes to be involved in the day-to-day. Is someone a better communicator or manager? Partnerships need to be complementary so every aspect of the business is covered. But be careful to partner with the right type of person. Whether they’re family, friends, or an acquaintance in the industry you have to be able to trust them implicitly. You also need a working relationship with each other that is open, authentic, and genuine—what you see is what you get. If someone doesn’t fit things are only going to get more difficult. So either don’t go into the partnership, or buy out partners who aren’t a good fit for the team.\xa0 Don’t miss this episode all about business partners in the franchise world! Resources & People Mentioned  TalkWithErik.com  Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn  | Are you wondering if a strategic partnership could benefit your business endeavors? Are there just some skills that you lack that a partner could take on? If you don’t possess all the necessary skills—or even finances required—to be a business owner, consider partnering with someone who does. My guest today, Stephen Kopshaw, gives us insight into 3 different areas of franchising—and doing it with partners. 12 years ago Stephen was a physical trainer working at a Fitness Together location. He had ideas on how to implement business practices differently that he felt would benefit the franchise. He shared his ideas and goals with his client and friend, Lisa Paladino Petersen, hoping to open his own location someday. One day she said, “Why don’t we do it together?” and their partnership was formed. Less then a year later they were operating their location. Now, Stephen and Lisa—along with 4 other partners—own multiple franchise locations, work as consultants, and are operate on the flip side as franchisors.\xa0 Outline of This Episode  [0:35] I introduce my guest, Stephen Kopshaw, CEO of FIT 36. [2:10] How Stephen got his start in franchising [6:15] How it all began with friendships [11:20] Play to your strengths—let someone else handle your weaknesses [14:55] Taking over failing stores = “Turnaround Opportunities” [17:10] What do you look for in an opportunity [20:55] What do you look for in a good location [22:30] The evolution of their partnership [25:40] Next steps: Buying out a franchise [29:00] Challenges to overcome\xa0 [32:35] Commitment to transparency and change [34:55] Changes in store for FIT 36 [40:00] Things commonly seen in an underperforming franchise  What can a strategic partnership do for you? The strictest definition of a strategic partnership is a “relationship between two commercial enterprises usually formalized by one or more business contracts”. So we are going to loosely interpret the term in this instance. The goal is to partner with someone who has experience in areas that you do not. Play to your strengths—and let someone else handle your weaknesses. Steve, like myself, is a strategic thinker and succeeds at anything having to do with execution, finding opportunities, and all of the “big picture” decisions. He considers day-to-day management and customer relationships his weaknesses, but they are strengths for some of his partners. The key is to find people who balance the relationship and complement each other.\xa0 What to look for in a turnaround opportunity Something Stephen and his partners specialize in is taking failing stores—which they prefer to call turnaround opportunities—and helping them find success. They can absolve someone’s liability and help them move on to their next step. Another benefit is that they aren’t on the line for a lot of the typical costs involved with building out a location. So what do they look for? The first step is to make sure you have access to financials, profit and loss statements, and their advertising/sales process. If you can adequately gauge where the business is struggling and how to address it, it’s a good indicator of future success. A trick they love to use is spending 4-6 hours in the immediate area and playing “secret shoppers” as they check out the competition. The #1 thing that would deter them from buying? A bad location. Want to know more? Keep listening! A team with many hats: Franchisors, franchisees, and business consultants Steve and his team originally started as a mastermind group, each taking turns to educate each other on something new. Eventually, they all started relinquishing work they weren’t skilled at to each other. Over time, their relationship evolved into a mutual partnership, with each complementing the other. They knew they could do something bigger with the A-list team they had cultivated.\xa0 They were approached to buyout a Fitness Together location to complement their current one. So they flipped it and built a thriving business while also experiencing growth in their core studio. They tested the waters and dove into the world of Elements Massage—which became another success. Their most recent endeavor was the purchase of the Fit 36 franchise. Keep listening to hear where this new opportunity is taking them.\xa0 Implementing clear communication and transparency I asked Steve what surprised him the most when transitioning from franchisee to franchisor. Surprisingly, communication styles have been the most difficult roadblock to navigate. Everyone hears and absorbs information differently. What seems like a simple company-wide email relaying information can become complicated as everyone involved interprets the message differently. Steve and his team are committed to establishing transparency and change as they’ve taken over Fit 36. They want everyone to be on the same page and stay informed. They implement this by sending out a monthly newsletter, running a facebook group, and monthly roundtable calls with the leadership team. If you want to hear specifics of how they’re turning the franchise around, listen to the full episode now. This episode is full of strategies any franchise should implement with only a few things touched on in the notes—check out the full episode now for all the details! Resources & People Mentioned  BCWE Holdings Fitness Together Elements Massage FIT 36  Connect with Stephen  Instagram Steve(at)BCWEholdings.com  Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn  | Are you wondering how to find the best franchise for the investment you’re willing to make? Are you looking for an awesome tool to help narrow down your choices? Franchise Business Review is a market research firm that rates and reviews today’s top franchise opportunities. Here to talk with me about finding the right opportunity for you is Franchise Business Review’s CEO, Eric Stites. As a previous franchisee and fellow entrepreneur, Eric brings a wealth of knowledge to the table. He’s been involved with Franchise Business Review since its inception and knows the ins and outs of the franchise process. He strives to help brands improve franchisee satisfaction while also offering a useful tool for those looking to buy a franchise. Listen to this episode of Franchise Secrets as we talk about franchise validation, emerging brands, and so much more!\xa0 Outline of This Episode  [0:35] I introduce Eric Stites: CEO of Franchise Business Review [5:45] Franchising is a proven concept—but not easy [8:05] The importance of peer validation [11:00] Using reviews to understand brand culture [20:48] How to find success when investing in an emerging brand [27:46] Things to consider when preparing to buy a franchise [30:37] How franchises feel about information being published [35:15] Final words of wisdom and resources from Eric  Franchise Business Review’s Origin Story The business was started 15 years ago when Eric was working with Dunkin’ Donuts to help connect prospective franchisees with current business owners. Franchisees were often hard to connect with and hesitant to commit time to candidates who may or may not be serious about the validation process. So Eric’s team created a satisfaction survey for franchisees to complete as a means to connect the two sides. What started as a simple tool for franchise development became an operational tool that they could scale and utilize in every franchise. Since 2005, Franchise Business Review has worked with over 1,100 established brands to bridge the gap between franchisees and candidates. The Review also doubles as a tool to help franchises assess and develop satisfaction among their current franchisees. We also cover misconceptions about franchising in this segment, so check it out! Choosing the best franchise for you—using peer validation Franchise Business Review is the perfect resource if you’re researching top brands and trying to decide the route to take. They supply detailed reports of many franchises—covering training and support, core values, financial opportunities, and so much more. Check out the methodology they utilize to determine their Franchisee Satisfaction Index (FSI) score to better understand their process. All of their data is sourced directly from current owners and operators. You’re able to gain insight from entrepreneurs who have been in the business for years without having to play phone tag with busy business owners. With lists of the top franchises, detailed free reports, what makes the brand unique—and more—they’ve positioned themselves as a top resource for those looking to buy a franchise.\xa0 What to look for in an emerging brand According to Eric, Franchise Business Review will work with and survey a franchise when it has 10 established locations—which by most standards is still an emerging brand. This allows you to take advantage of their reports if you’re interested in a brand that’s new to the market. So what should you look for when considering a brand that you are unfamiliar with or has a short history? Make sure you do in-depth research and analysis. Take a deep dive into the Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) and be familiar with the business expenses. It’s a good sign when the franchise is reinvesting its profit back into the company. Also, look at the team involved—do they have an extensive background in franchising? In business? An emerging brand is a different type of investment, but if you know the risk profile you’re ahead of the game. Keep listening as we go into detail about this important process. Why your spouse needs to be involved in every step I started this podcast to be a resource for people interested in buying a franchise who want to invest in learning about the process first. Let’s be honest, most people think they want to own a franchise, but don’t realize everything entailed in owning and running a business. Something that is often overlooked is the impact of business ownership on spouses and family. Your family needs to be aware of and involved in the process from day one.\xa0 Your level of involvement in a franchise can often be overwhelming when you’re starting. It’s important that you and your family are aware of what owning the business is going to be like. Even in the beginning stages of research and narrowing down franchises available to you, your spouse should be part of the decision-making process—so things aren’t halted weeks down the road. For more than just a snapshot of our conversation, listen to this whole episode of Franchise Secrets now! Resources & People Mentioned  Dunkin’ Franchise Kona Ice FirstLight Home Care Orangetheory Fitness Planet Fitness  Connect with Eric Stites  FranchiseBusinessReview.com LinkedIn Facebook Twitter  Connect With Erik  TalkWithErik.com ILoveFranchising.com Facebook LinkedIn  | Have you dreamed of becoming an entrepreneur? Did you grow up working in a family business or just knew at a young age you wanted to own your own business? In a day and age where young adults are catapulted towards college, perhaps there is another way. Here to talk with me today is Matt Tanner, an entrepreneur and franchise owner at the young age of 27. We talk about how he grew up in the business, the businesses he owns, education, and so much more! Matt graduated from Shenandoah University with a degree in Business Administration and Management. Within 6 months of graduation, he had already purchased his first franchise—Auntie Anne’s. Now he’s a multi-unit franchisee in the process of building out 3 Tropical Smoothie locations in Florida. On top of what he’s already accomplished he’s also opened his consulting firm, Tanner Consulting. This is one episode you don’t want to miss.\xa0 Outline of This Episode  [0:40] I introduce my guest, Matt Tanner. [1:50] How he got involved in franchising [5:40] Strategic growth and proper management [9:00] All about Tropical Smoothie [14:00] To go to College or learn by working? [17:55] Next steps for Matt [21:30] The art of Acquisition\xa0 [25:30] Biggest “mistakes” made [30:05] Working with athletes [33:05] Final thoughts and wisdom  Growing up in the industry is the best education Matt grew up immersed in the industry from day one. His Dad owned and operated an Auntie Anne’s location in Baltimore, Maryland. He recalls—as an 8-year-old—how he would stand outside his Dad’s shop in the local mall and hand out samples of pretzels or lemonade. Which was a smart business decision on his Dad’s part—you can’t turn down a child handing out free food! Throughout middle school and high school, he and his brother put in 40-50 hour weeks working with his Dad. He truly embraced being involved in the day-to-day and knows it was a huge learning experience. He was born with an entrepreneurial spirit that he wanted to continue to develop. It’s not something that can be forced, but a drive within you.\xa0 Grow strategically with the right management in place One thing that needs to be emphasized is that you must focus on strategic growth. Sometimes it’s far better to take a step back, do your research, and wait for the right location instead of grabbing whatever is available at the time. Too often, entrepreneurs are in a rush to build their empire but watch it crumble because they acted with haste. Because, let’s be honest, more locations are not necessarily better! A location that is strategically placed could earn exponentially more than 3 locations poorly placed. Matt’s family had built out locations across the US that weren’t necessarily successful or they were in poor geographical areas. They learned the hard way that’s it’s important to have good infrastructure and the right management in place. Matt talks about this more in-depth in our conversation. Is college education necessarily part of becoming an entrepreneur? Both Matt and I agree that a college education isn’t necessary to be successful. You’re spending thousands of dollars on education when you could potentially be gaining the same, if not better, experience working in your chosen field. The curriculum in college classes can be outdated and the business world is changing every day. So why not go work for someone for free instead of amassing thousands of dollars in student debt? Matt did complete a 4-year degree in Business administration but feels he learned more in his first 6 months running a business then he did in school! While he doesn’t regret the experience and values the networking, he knows he would’ve been further ahead if he had dropped out. His brother dropped out freshman year and it turned out to be a great decision for him. Keep listening as we talk about the opportunities available and how you can weigh your education options. Matt’s love for acquisition\xa0 Six months out of college Matt purchased his first Auntie Anne’s location in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. There was a Tropical Smoothie location in the Midtown Shopping Center across from his business that caught his eye. He spent time chatting with the general manager, who then introduced him to the owner. Within one month, Matt purchased his first Tropical Smoothie location. His biggest piece of advice? Connect with people. Set up meetings, take phone calls, offer help and advice when needed. You’ll often meet people who are struggling, absentee owners, or for various reasons are on the way out of their business. If you’re putting yourself out there, opportunities to acquire another business or another location will find you. This is just a small picture of everything that Matt and I covered in this episode. You’ll want to hear the rest for more of his story and where he’s headed with future business endeavors—including working with renowned athletes. Check it out! Resources & People Mentioned  Gary Vaynerchuk Tropical Smoothie Cafe Auntie Anne’s  Connect with Matt  LinkedIn Facebook Tanner Consulting Tanner Consulting Instagram  Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn  | Have you ever wondered if there are key personality traits or routines that successful people have in common? Are you looking for some inspiration to kick yourself into gear? In this episode of Franchise Secrets, I talk with a wildly successful franchisor, Bedros Keuilian. We cover his humble beginnings, the routines that ground him, and the drive needed to build a successful business. Bedros Keuilian immigrated to the United States in 1980 as his family escaped the Soviet Union. His family was poor and they did whatever it took to survive—even eating out of dumpsters. He vowed that he would do whatever it took to build a better future for himself and his family. Bedros is now the owner and CEO of Fit Body Boot Camp and runs his own coaching business. Outline of This Episode  [0:40] I introduce my guest, Bedros Keuilian [2:05] Humble beginnings [6:25] How Fit Body Boot Camp came to be\xa0 [14:30] Know that you’re made for more [16:35] Find a mentor or way to be mentored [22:05] The Ed Mylett and Andy Frisella story [25:10] Why college isn’t always necessary [31:10] How he manages his calendar [36:00] The theory of bilateral stimulation [38:20] Why there is no such thing as work-life balance! [42:40] The Zone of Genius  The evolution of his franchise—Fit Body Boot Camp Bedros started his career as a personal trainer and was fortunate to be able to trail Jim Franco. He didn’t realize it at the time, but as he was training Jim, Jim was mentoring him. He learned so much about business as he was coaching! Jim was one of the first people to encourage Bedros to launch a subscription model of personal training. Bedros went on to open 5 studios in California, which he later sold for a profit. In 2008 he launched his earliest version of his boot camp and by 2010 was selling franchise locations. It was a painful process and mistakes were made, but he learned from them and continued to build his empire. Now, his franchise is closing in on 800 locations, has hit the Inc 5000 list, and was named one of Entrepreneur Magazine’s 500 fastest growing franchises. You’ll want to listen as he talks about why the franchising process was difficult, why you need to make sure you have the right business partner and more! Why being a control freak can be a good thing When you hear the phrase ‘control freak’ you tend to think of a very obsessive and controlling person. The type of person you wouldn’t want to be around and don’t want to be. But Bedros points out that being a control freak doesn’t have to be a negative thing. He freely admits to being obsessive about his business and his schedule—and believes it is one of the reasons he is so successful. You can be relentless, focused, obsessed, a control freak or whatever you want to call it! The important takeaway is that you are driven to be successful. So take that drive and take back control of your life and your business. Allow yourself to embrace your inner control freak. Bedros talks about some of the things he does to control his personal life and his schedule, so keep listening. The importance of finding a mentor Learning from others who have walked in your shoes is invaluable. Many great business owners were mentored, coached, or part of mastermind groups. They surround themselves with high achievers. So what do you do if you can’t afford to pay for a coach? Start small, and follow people you want to learn from on social media. Sign up for their email lists. Purchase one of their books. You want to surround yourself with people who can fill in the gaps you can’t fill. It’s as simple as that. Bedros offers a 2-day Mastermind 3 times a year for all of his franchisees. It’s completely optional and is an additional extra fee. The franchisees who attend his masterminds are the top performers in Fit Body Body Camp! He recommends seeking out key players that you want to model after. Continue with me as Bedros and I talk about how he sought out Ed Mylett and Andy Frisella, why he doesn’t believe everyone needs to go to college, and prioritizing family.\xa0 Controlling your calendar and maximizing your routine There are only 4 people who are allowed to add to or edit Bedros’ schedule and he refers to them as his ‘Navy Seal Team’. They take control of maximizing every part of his schedule—back to back meetings, phone calls, etc. He even has them assign work that he can do while he is on a flight. You became more aware of how much time you waste in a day when you begin to take back control and take advantage of every minute. One practice that he wholeheartedly embraces is getting up at the same time every single day and diving into your morning routine. Too often, we fall into the trap of hitting the snooze button and dozing off again. But according to Bedros, this is teaching your unconscious mind that you are not trustworthy or credible because you don’t wake up when you said you would! This is all just a snapshot of what the two of us talked about. There is so much more to learn in the rest of this episode with Bedros Keuilian. This is one you don’t want to miss! Resources & People Mentioned  Man Up by Bedros Keuilian Otis and Charley Play to Win by Andy Frisella and Kevin Cannon Fit Body Boot Camp Ed Mylett Andy Frisella Bilateral Stimulation Dan Sullivan’s Strategy Circle  Connect with Bedros  Keuilian Inc. Facebook Official website LinkedIn Twitter\xa0 YouTube  Connect With Erik  Facebook LinkedIn ", 'chan_desc': 'Franchising specialist Erik Van Horn reveals the secrets he uses as a franchisee, consultant, investor and entrepreneur. Join us every Wednesday to learn tactical and practical tools that will help you buy, grow, and sell franchises like an expert.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/53/21/6a/53216ab4-0209-8718-60c9-5d0243739915/mza_1864779672599553016.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-04-18'}}

{'Scalability Show': {'title': 'Scalability Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Scalability-Show-id2357501', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Haley Burkhead | Online Sales Strategist', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 13, 'play_count': 66, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://scalability.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:11:58', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:26:51', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:25:01', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:29:52', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:20:42', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:06:24', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Instead of casting a wide net to catch new clients and crossing your fingers, why do you not create a conversation that helps someone achieve the transformation they want through paying you? I want to show you the framework I use on Instagram DM to lead people to the sale so your account can be a consistent sales machine! If you are tired of setting for the hustle heavy lifestyle of the entrepreneur and are raising your hand to consistent income that DOESN'T require you to work crazy hours, I created a free class and saved a seat for you here: http://scalabilitylounge.com/grow. This class goes over the Scalability Factor so you can run a business that allows you to be laptopless - where you can work when you WANT to, not because you HAVE to. Shownotes > (INSERT URL FOR PAGE) | Hannah joined the Scalability Lounge as a VA with 3 clients and in SIX months she grew to 27 clients using the scalability factor. I wanted her to come on this show so she could walk us all through how she attracted all these clients so easily and quickly step by step! If you are tired of setting for the hustle heavy lifestyle of the entrepreneur and are raising your hand to consistent income that DOESN'T require you to work crazy hours, I created a free class and saved a seat for you here: http://scalabilitylounge.com/grow. This class goes over the Scalability Factor so you can run a business that allows you to be laptopless - where you can work when you WANT to, not because you HAVE to. | Jen Casey, creator of The Inner Boss Podcast, and Haley discuss why adding more products not only hurts your business and your bank account more than you think, but also keeps you stuck in survival mode. Join Jen and Haley as they break this mentality down with a bit of math to show that there is a better way to run your business.\xa0 If you are tired of setting for the hustle heavy lifestyle of the entrepreneur and are raising your hand to consistent income that DOESN'T require you to work crazy hours, I created a free class and saved a seat for you here: http://scalabilitylounge.com/grow. This class goes over the Scalability Factor so you can run a business that allows you to be laptopless - where you can work when you WANT to, not because you HAVE to. Shownotes >\xa0https://scalabilityfactor.com/scalabilityshow/having-more-products-is-draining-your-bank-account | I create these income reports so you can see inside my business and what scaling an online business looks like. I know running a business can be terrifying at times, it's a scary thrilling adventure where we aren't getting a lot of guidance. These income reports are meant to help you navigate entrepreneurship as you grow alongside of me! If you are tired of setting for the hustle heavy lifestyle of the entrepreneur and are raising your hand to consistent income that DOESN'T require you to work crazy hours, I created a free class and saved a seat for you here: http://scalabilitylounge.com/grow. This class goes over the Scalability Factor so you can run a business that allows you to be laptopless - where you can work when you WANT to, not because you HAVE to. Shownotes >\xa0https://scalabilityfactor.com/scalabilityshow/august-2019-income-report | So who am I? I'm the host of this show and as I said before my name is Haley Burkhead. I have no fancy business degree, my parents aren't entrepreneurial and didn't raise me with the thought of owning a business one day. If you are tired of setting for the hustle heavy lifestyle of the entrepreneur and are raising your hand to consistent income that DOESN'T require you to work crazy hours, I created a free class and saved a seat for you here: http://scalabilitylounge.com/grow. This class goes over the Scalability Factor so you can run a business that allows you to be laptopless - where you can work when you WANT to, not because you HAVE to. Shownotes >\xa0https://scalabilityfactor.com/scalabilityshow/key-secrets-behind-business-growth | How can we, as online entrepreneurs, create and grow an online business that generates consistent income so we can live a comfortable lifestyle without working crazy hours? This show is designed to answer that question. I'm your host Haley Burkhead, I specialize in the art and science of creating and growing simple, automated businesses that actually WORK. If you are tired of setting for the hustle heavy lifestyle of the entrepreneur and are raising your hand to consistent income that DOESN'T require you to work crazy hours, I created a free class and saved a seat for you here: http://scalabilitylounge.com/grow. This class goes over the Scalability Factor so you can run a business that allows you to be laptopless - where you can work when you WANT to, not because you HAVE to.", 'chan_desc': "Haley created this podcast for emotionally drained, burnt out entrepreneurs so they can create + grow a business that makes consistent income to fuel a comfy lifestyle without working crazy hours. If you are tired of setting for the hustle heavy lifestyle of the entrepreneur and are raising your hand to consistent income that DOESN'T require you to work crazy hours. She also created a free class and saved a seat for you here: http://scalabilitylounge.com/grow.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/4e/62/8e/4e628e36-a240-97f7-c945-9f1d196cc2f1/mza_4127893989418924489.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-05'}}

{'The Founder Formula': {'title': 'The Founder Formula', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Founder-Formula-id2282505', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Trace3', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 5, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.trace3.com/'], 'ep_total': 13, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:39:19', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:42:51', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:33:26', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:34:43', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:33:26', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:34:43', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:10:01', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:39:20', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:42:51', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Today’s guest is Guru Chahal, a Partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners (and former co-founder of Avi Networks). In this episode, he told us he looks for three key things in founding teams:\xa0 1) Entrepreneurs who have a background in the market they want to take on.\xa0 2) The ability to execute. 3) The ability to monetize the technology. | Today’s guest is  Kumar Ramachandran, CEO and Founder of CloudGenix. In this episode, he talks about the balance between pivoting and persistence, why Silicon Valley is a special place for startups, the joy of making your customer the hero, and how to maintain your company culture as you scale and hire. | Today’s guest is\xa0Phil Tee, Co-Founder, Chairman, and CEO of\xa0Moogsoft. In this one, Phil tells the story of Moogsoft’s name, why he intentionally tries to make the company’s culture different than other tech startups around San Francisco, and how he’s managed to keep the ethos of the company intact after several years. “There’s a fantastic line from a Cat Stevens song: you may be still be here tomorrow, but your dreams may not. You’ve got to keep the dream alive.” | Today’s guest is\xa0Mario Ciabarra, CEO and Founder of\xa0Quantum Metric. Mario tells his story about working nights and weekends to make his entrepreneurial dream a reality. He also gives advice on how to hone your pitch messaging for VCs, why the messaging for pitching CIOs is different, and the three most important attributes the core members of your team need to possess. | One of the leading indicators for technology that’s going to hit the market is whether or not it comes out of the major VC firms.\xa0 It’s very rare that the proverbial unicorns come out of a vacuum or one angel investor.\xa0 Typically the path runs through one of the top 50 VC firms in the world.\xa0 On this podcast, host Mark Campbell, Chief Innovation Officer at\xa0Trace3, will be sharing the journey of some of the founders who have taken that path. He’ll talk to founders from all stages of the journey: those who are just starting, those who are just now hitting the market, and those who are hitting the inflection curve as their companies grow. Listen in to hear what you’ll get out of this podcast. | Today’s guest is Phil Tee, Co-Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Moogsoft. In this one, Phil tells the story of Moogsoft’s name, why he intentionally tries to make the company’s culture different than other tech startups around San Francisco, and how he’s managed to keep the ethos of the company intact after several years. “There’s a fantastic line from a Cat Stevens song: you may be still be here tomorrow, but your dreams may not. You’ve got to keep the dream alive.” | Today’s guest is Mario Ciabarra, CEO and Founder of Quantum Metric. Mario tells his story about working nights and weekends to make his entrepreneurial dream a reality. He also gives advice on how to hone your pitch messaging for VCs, why the messaging for pitching CIOs is different, and the three most important attributes the core members of your team need to possess. | One of the leading indicators for technology that’s going to hit the market is whether or not it comes out of the major VC firms.\xa0 It’s very rare that the proverbial unicorns come out of a vacuum or one angel investor.\xa0 Typically the path runs through one of the top 50 VC firms in the world.\xa0 On this podcast, host Mark Campbell, Chief Innovation Officer at Trace3, will be sharing the journey of some of the founders who have taken that path. He’ll talk to founders from all stages of the journey: those who are just starting, those who are just now hitting the market, and those who are hitting the inflection curve as their companies grow. Listen in to hear what you’ll get out of this podcast. | Guru Chahal is a Partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners (and former co-founder of Avi Networks). In this episode, he told us he looks for three key things in founding teams:\xa0 1) Entrepreneurs who have a background in the market they want to take on.\xa0 2) The ability to execute. 3) The ability to monetize the technology. | Today’s guest is Kumar Ramachandran, CEO and Founder of CloudGenix. In this episode, he talks about the balance between pivoting and persistence, why Silicon Valley is a special place for startups, the joy of making your customer the hero, and how to maintain your company culture as you scale and hire.', 'chan_desc': "This is The Founder Formula: Every passing moment, a tech startup disrupts life as it was. In humanity’s pursuit of faster, better,  and higher capacity, fresh companies are tackling old problems and modern complexities, all while pushing the bounds of the future.The Founder Formula brings you in—behind the curtains and inside the minds of executives at Start-ups that have traditionally only been found in Silicon Valley—and the Venture Capital Firms that fund them.  Each interview will feature a transformative leader who’s behind the wheel at a fast-paced & innovative tech firm. They’ll bring you an insider's look at what it takes to create a technology company, scaled it, and lead it into the futureYou’ll hear topics that cover cybersecurity, AI, blockchain, IoT, quantum computing, cryptocurrency, immersive experience, VR, and overall digital transformation.  From time to time, you’ll also hear from Founders outside of the technology industry.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e9/0a/55/e90a5528-43e6-b8de-3ac2-0c43a74ca53c/mza_7983231212225699725.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-14'}}

{'Brands that Book with Davey Jones': {'title': 'Brands that Book with Davey Jones', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Brands-that-Book-with-Davey-Jones-id2120225', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Davey Jones', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 140, 'play_count': 1317, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://daveyandkrista.com/btb-show/'], 'ep_total': 66, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:35:10', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:43:04', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:41:53', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:32:58', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:46:45', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:57:23', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:40:50', 0], ['2019-07-24', '00:44:43', 1], ['2019-07-17', '00:36:04', 0], ['2019-07-10', '00:34:10', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Nearly everyone\xa0has an email address. Your audience may be scattered throughout different social media channels, using one or two more heavily than the rest. But most probably have an email address they check at least once per week if not more frequently.The people on your list—if setup correctly—have opted-in to receive your emails. They want to consume the content you\'re creating. And you know this because they\'ve\xa0asked\xa0to receive it. This is a stark contrast to social media marketing, where one is constantly battling algorithm updates in an effort to interrupt someone\'s scroll. (But having a presence on social media is important!)And because people generally opt-in to a mailing list to receive an offer or to learn more about a topic, they\'re often pre-qualified. This is one reason why email marketing is usually one of the highest converting channels.There are so many possibilities when it comes to starting a mailing list. If you\'re a wedding photographer, you could use an email list to connect with recently engaged couples and stay in touch with past couples\xa0(the latter is especially helpful if you also offer family photography services). And if you have an online store, email lists are a great way to send educational content and keep people informed of recently added products.Read the full post >> (https://daveyandkrista.com/audience-super-simple-guide-starting-a-mailing-list/) | Want to grow your wedding business to 25 events a year?What about 50?What about 250?Today I am chatting with Jake and Ryan, the founders of Freedom Edits, the outsourcing solution for photographers and videographers who want their lives back. But before they started Freedom, they were photographers who grew their wedding photography business to about 250 weddings a year.So, of course, I wanted to know how they were able to grow their business to that volume. As you can imagine, a lot of it had to do with hiring and outsourcing. We talk about how they used similar strategies to scale Freedom, and what they’ve learned along the way.For the show notes, check out https://daveyandkrista.com/btb-freedom-edits-episode-59/. |  | We’ve discussed this before, but being good at what you do is simply not enough much of the time.For better or worse, people don’t compare products and services objectively. Instead a variety of factors—many of which we are not conscious of—impact our purchasing decisions.And at least a hot few of those factors have to do with pricing, such as how we assign or perceive value, and how services and prices are presented to us.I’d argue that crafting the right offer is one of the most important aspects of becoming a profitable, thriving business. An effective offer is easy-to-understand, demonstrates clear value, educates and overcomes objections.This podcast episode (and corresponding blog post) explores tips for service providers who want to craft effective pricing ‘collections’ or ‘packages’ for their business.Access the show notes: Read the blog post: https://daveyandkrista.com/how-to-create-pricing-collections/ | Erin and Jeff are based out of Southern California, but they have shot across the US and around the world.They also manage two other photography brands that photograph weddings, portraits, and commercial work. If you’re counting, that’s three different photography brands each with a different clientele. This makes Erin particularly knowledgeable about our topic today, which is learning more about your ideal client, or as she refers to them, your ‘dreamies.’This episode is jammed pack with practical information, and honestly Erin’s approach to discovering your ideal client is among the best I’ve heard. She moves beyond the typical client avatar and provides practical tips for better understanding your clients “why”—and then she goes one step further and explains how this can you better connect with your ideal client.The official bio: Jeff and Erin Youngren are the husband and wife wedding photography team known as The Youngrens. For over a decade, their deeply emotional style has led them across the U.S. and around the world to photograph extraordinary weddings with couples they love. Along with The Youngrens, Jeff and Erin also own and manage two other photography brands that photograph weddings, portraits, and commercial work, and host the Creative Rising podcast, a behind the scenes show about what it’s really like to run a photography business. As the owners of three businesses with a regular team of ten photographers plus a full-time staff of editors, designers, and studio managers, Jeff and Erin have developed highly effective business models and marketing systems to accommodate the needs of each brand. When they\'re not shooting, traveling, or speaking, you’ll find them hanging out with their seriously adorable son, James, in their hometown of San Diego, CA.For the show notes and additional resources, go to https://daveyandkrista.com/btb-erin-youngren-episode-56/. | We chat about why page load speed matters—hint: a fast website can help improve conversion rates—how you can test your website, what you should look for when running a test, and then 5 ways you can increase your website speed.A quick warning: We chat about a lot in this episode. For quick reference, I’ve written a corresponding blog post that you can find in the show notes that summarizes what we’ve discussed.Alex is an entrepreneur, photographer at AL Weddings, and designer for Davey & Krista—but outside of work, his life is consumed by plants. He may have missed his calling as a botanist but he’s doing his very best to turn his home into a jungle. He loves solving problems whether it’s helping brands find more clients or fixing the kitchen sink, and at least once a day he slips up and calls Davey & Krista, “Dava & Kristy." | Today we are chatting with sleep consultant Becca Campbell of Little Z Sleep. Becca helps parents get sleep through teaching them how to train their babies how to sleep through the night.While we do find some time to chat about some sleep training tips (and Krista and my current struggle in moving Jack from 2 naps to 1 nap), we spend much of the episode learning how she built her business, and we chat about how she moved from 1:1 service model to a 1:many online course model. We cover how she used her 1:1 experience, what steps she took before creating her online course, and how through creating online courses she’s able to better serve her clients.For the show notes and additional resources, visit https://daveyandkrista.com/btb-becca-campbell-episode-54/. | Today we are chatting with photographer and entrepreneur Melissa Jill. Melissa, impressively runs 3 different businesses with 5 income streams. Much of what we talk about today is how she was able to build and manage all these different businesses through outsourcing and hiring a team. We also get to hear about how she started her latest business—an album design company called Align, which we’ve actually used and highly recommend to others. We end the episode with a brief conversation about some of Melissa’s best tips for effectively selling albums. Even if you’re not a photographer, I think you’ll find this conversation helpful as you think through ways you can optimize your customers’ value.Melissa Jill is an internationally recognized Phoenix-based wedding photographer who has been shooting weddings for 16 years. She photographs 10-15 high-end weddings a year and also has 4 associate photographers who shoot weddings under her brand at lower price points. Over the years, she has developed an extensive database of free information for photographers on her blog. She also mentors photographers one-on-one. She started an album design company called Align Album Design years ago that helps photographers world-wide streamline their album workflow and increase their profit. She is passionate about business, has worked hard to maximize the efficiency and profitability of her studio, and loves helping other photographers do the same.Check out the show notes at https://daveyandkrista.com/btb-melissa-jill-episode-53/ for additional resources. | Today’s guest are brand photographers Erica + Jon and we’re chatting about how they successfully pivoted from wedding photography to brand photography, and how specializing has allowed them to become much more profitable as a business.Erica + Jon have a pretty incredible client roster featuring businesses like the Chicago White Sox. There are a number of practical takeaways in this episode for any business who is looking to pivot or further specialize in whatever they do. Erica + Jon are a husband and wife brand photography team that partner with commercial and personal brands to plan, style and intentionally create compelling imagery for marketing. Their work has appeared on billboards, storefront signs and magazine spreads across the country.For show notes and additional resources, check out https://daveyandkrista.com/btb-erica-jon-episode-52. | Today we are chatting with Shunta Grant, the founder of Because of Zoe, a company that makes handcrafted bow ties and headbands. Shunta also coaches other businesses on how to find their focus using her Peace, Pace, Progress program.And that’s what we’re chatting about in this episode: As Shunta puts it—getting on the other side of busy so you make meaningful progress in your business. We chat about how the problems we perceive in business sometimes aren’t truly the problem—but rather, it’s a mindset issue that needs to be fixed.Shunta Grant is a business educator helping women build business and life on the OTHER side of busy through teaching her signature 4-step Peace Pace Progress™ Framework.  The Peace Pace Progress™ Framework teaches women how to STOP doing #AllTheThings in their business so they can focus on what will get them to their one desired destination.  Shunta is also the creator of Because of Zoe Designs, a hair bow company specializing in celebrating the joy of childhood and host of the Business, Life & Joy podcast.When Shunta isn’t helping women journey to the other side of busy, you can find her building blocks with her son, Liam, or walking the aisles of Target and TJMaxx with her daughter, Zoe. If you want to build a business and life on the other side of busy, join Shunta at shuntagrant.com to get the journey started!For additional resources, check out the show notes at https://daveyandkrista.com/btb-shunta-grant-episode-51.', 'chan_desc': 'A show for creative service-based business owners who want to learn how to build their brands and find more clients. ', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/cb/78/2a/cb782a08-e9dc-83be-385a-9be27f9ee7b8/mza_8779833990079220849.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-03-07'}}

{'Irie Lemon Podcast': {'title': 'Irie Lemon Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Irie-Lemon-Podcast-id2361470', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'The Lemon Bowl', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 10, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://thelemonbowl.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '00:58:53', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:46:10', 0], ['2019-09-21', '01:06:06', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:47:41', 0], ['2019-09-07', '01:01:03', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:00:59', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'On this week’s episode, we are joined by Kristina and Mairead of Stonyfield! Stonyfield is an organic yogurt producer that has a very strong grasp on the modern age of marketing.\xa0 Both Kristina and Mairead have an understanding on the ideas of marketing and promoting a business on social media. Some of the topics we cover this week are:Choosing the right influencers to partner withHow some influencers can provide more value than others (how to recognize this)How a company like Stonyfield has adapted to the modern marketing waysThe various ways to apply their stories into your business or future plansIf you have any topic ideas for the future, let us know on Instagram or the comment section on YouTube! Enjoyed this episode? Leave a review and send it to your best friend. Stay tuned for weekly episodes filled with practical tips, amazing conversations and incredible guests!\xa0\xa0Support Stonyfield!Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/stonyfield/Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/stonyfieldStonyfield Podcast: https://www.npr.org/2017/11/13/551875796/stonyfield-yogurt-gary-hirshberg\xa0Follow us!\xa0Irie Lemon Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/irie.lemon/\xa0Follow Liz of The Lemon BowlInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/thelemonbowl/Twitter: https://twitter.com/thelemonbowl/\xa0Follow Vince of Irie KitchenInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/vinnymcintosh/Twitter: https://twitter.com/vincent_irie\xa0Helpful Links:Law of Attraction (book): https://www.amazon.com/Ley-Atraccion-Conceptos-Basicos-Ensenanzas/dp/1401917526Life Coach School Podcast: https://thelifecoachschool.com/Personality Hacker Podcast: https://personalityhacker.com/category/podcast/ | On this week’s episode, we discuss Consistency as the 3rd installment of our business alphabet series! In our opinion, consistency is one of the most important skills you can hone and is the key to improving your overall business trajectory. Some of the topics we cover are:\xa0The definition of consistencyHow consistency applies to every facet of lifeWhy consistency is so importantPractical tips for being more consistent\xa0If you have any topic ideas for the future, let us know on Instagram or the comment section on YouTube! Enjoyed this episode? Leave a review and send it to your best friend. Stay tuned for weekly episodes filled with practical tips, amazing conversations and incredible guests!\xa0\xa0Follow us!\xa0Irie Lemon Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/irie.lemon/\xa0Follow Liz of The Lemon BowlInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/thelemonbowl/Twitter: https://twitter.com/thelemonbowl/\xa0Follow Vince of Irie KitchenInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/vinnymcintosh/Twitter: https://twitter.com/vincent_irie\xa0Helpful Links:Law of Attraction (book): https://www.amazon.com/Ley-Atraccion-Conceptos-Basicos-Ensenanzas/dp/1401917526Life Coach School Podcast: https://thelifecoachschool.com/Personality Hacker Podcast: https://personalityhacker.com/category/podcast/ | On this week’s episode, we are joined by the CEO and Founder of Madcap Coffee, Trevor Corlett! He joins us for the second episode of our business alphabet series. For letter ‘B’, we chose the concept of branding.\xa0 Some of the topics we cover are:\xa0The importance of brandingReal life examples of how to grow a brandHow a brand may change over timePractical examples of how Madcap established their strong brandIf you have any topic ideas for the future, let us know on Instagram or the comment section on YouTube! Enjoyed this episode? Leave a review and send it to your best friend. Stay tuned for weekly episodes filled with practical tips, amazing conversations and incredible guests!\xa0\xa0Follow us!\xa0Irie Lemon Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/irie.lemon/\xa0Follow Liz of The Lemon BowlInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/thelemonbowl/Twitter: https://twitter.com/thelemonbowl/\xa0Follow Vince of Irie KitchenInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/vinnymcintosh/Twitter: https://twitter.com/vincent_irie\xa0Helpful Links:Law of Attraction (book): https://www.amazon.com/Ley-Atraccion-Conceptos-Basicos-Ensenanzas/dp/1401917526Life Coach School Podcast: https://thelifecoachschool.com/Personality Hacker Podcast: https://personalityhacker.com/category/podcast/ | Episode 2 marks the start of our ‘Alphabet of Topics’ series! This series will have us going through the alphabet and assigning a topic to each letter.\xa0 Every episode will focus on a different letter so that we can provide as much value as possible each week. This might come as a surprise, but we’re starting with the letter A!\xa0For us, the letter A represents Authenticity. Authenticity is the bread and butter of not only business, but life in general.\xa0 In the era of social media, the brands that truly stand out are the ones that are most honest with their audience. Most individuals and brands want to appear filtered and polished.\xa0 However, we believe the best way to be relatable to the audience, is to show your true self.\xa0\xa0\xa0Human nature is to follow the pack and fit in.\xa0 In order to stand out in this era, we believe that going against the grain or the pack is the best way.\xa0 Being authentic will help you create a pack or an audience that have this mentality as well. Surrounding yourself with others who feel this way is the best route to success!\xa0If you have any topic ideas for the future, let us know on Instagram or the comment section on YouTube! Enjoyed this episode? Leave a review and send it to your best friend. Stay tuned for weekly episodes filled with practical tips, amazing conversations and incredible guests!\xa0Follow Irie Lemon!InstagramYouTubeFollow VinceInstagramTwitterFollow LizInstagramTwitterHelpful Links:Law of Attraction (book)Life Coach School PodcastPersonality Hacker Podcast | Welcome to the first episode of the Irie Lemon Podcast! Your hosts, Liz of The Lemon Bowl and Vince of Irie Kitchen are successful entrepreneurs and together they bring unique perspectives that lead to an incredibly interesting conversation. Their goal is to provide listeners with practical business tips, methods for winning, and time-tested advice based on personal experience and that of their guests.Each week you will receive candid advice, practical tips and actionable takeaways that allow you to reach your business goals and live your best life. Whether you’ve just begun following your dreams or are already crushing your goals, this show is sure to inspire, encourage and push you to reach the next level.In the first episode, Liz and Vince discuss the power of speaking your dreams into existence. This is a powerful tool that can lead to a major shift in mentality and, ultimately, results! Afterall, thoughts affect feelings which impact behavior. Liz spends time talking about B+ work, and why it is more important than you may think. Also discussed is the danger of negative thoughts, importance of self perception, and taking action.If you have any topic ideas for the future, let us know on Instagram or the comment section on YouTube! Enjoyed this episode? Leave a review and send it to your best friend. Stay tuned for weekly episodes filled with practical tips, amazing conversations and incredible guests!Helpful Links:Law of Attraction (book)Life Coach School PodcastPersonality Hacker Podcast | ', 'chan_desc': 'Each week you will receive candid advice, practical tips and actionable takeaways that allow you to reach your business goals and live your best life.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/c7/be/fd/c7befd2a-0b4f-bb9c-50b5-be774bdf0e53/mza_8315243024369640530.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-04'}}

{'Inside The Greenroom With PV3': {'title': 'Inside The Greenroom With PV3', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Inside-The-Greenroom-With-PV3-id2123280', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Pete Vargas III', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 20, 'play_count': 208, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://advanceyourreach.com'], 'ep_total': 23, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:44:39', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:43:45', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:38:59', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:38:54', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:54:38', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:43:31', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:40:45', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:26:25', 0], ['2019-08-08', '01:04:20', 0], ['2019-08-01', '01:06:16', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Connect with us!  Facebook: www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach Website: advanceyourreach.com Email: info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com\xa0  Welcome, John Ruhlin, Inside the Greenroom!\xa0 John’s unique approach to relationships led him to become the #1 salesman for a $250 Million direct sales company by the time he was 23 (out of 1.5 million reps). He now helps CEOs and sales teams drive referrals and open doors to elusive decision-makers through gifting – small gestures that make a BIG impact.\xa0 In this episode, we discuss the best practices for creating wins for both the meeting planner and the speaker. John Ruhlin, not only produces his events but is also a featured keynote speaker at other major events, commanding fees of $25,000 domestically to over $50,000 internationally! We also discuss prospecting strategies, bartering fees, building relationships with clients, and small “ninja tips” that ultimately make a big difference.\xa0 John Ruhlin is the founder of the Ruhlin Group, a gift logistics company that helps clients like the Chicago Bulls, Wells Fargo, Caesars Entertainment, the Miami Dolphins, Morgan Stanley, and The John Maxwell Company execute year-round gifting strategies.\xa0 \xa0 P.S. - Want a free copy of John’s AMAZING Giftology book? Tell us what your dream stage is! Simply go to Advance Your Reach’s Facebook Page, tag me @PeteVargas and say “Pete, I heard you on John Ruhlin’s podcast and my dream stage is ___.” We’re going to give away a FREE copy of Giftology for the first 10 people who tag me and share their dream stage. I’ve given away hundreds of copies of this book before, and I want to give away 10 more, because it’s just that amazing! \xa0 We also cover:  The positive traits John Ruhlin looks for in the speakers he selects for his events The “red flags” to look out for that cause John to say, “I never want to be part of that event again!”\xa0 Ninja tips for meeting planners on how to serve as a “matchmaker” and be able to orchestrate a seemingly serendipitous relationship among the attendees\xa0 Why you should never “nickel and dime” your speakers when it comes to travel fees, hotel rooms, and other types of accommodations How to make a lasting impression on the speakers you invite to your events (note: John admits he’d be willing to cut his speaking fee in half if meeting planners follow these principles!) Where the GOLDMINE is for featured speakers at events and how meeting planners can assist in facilitating the best possible results When you should barter your entire fee as a speaker\xa0 How to create a “triple win” among the meeting planner, yourself, and the audience The “Proverbs mentality” that helped John Ruhlin command keynote fees of $25,000 domestically, and $50,000 internationally A lesser-known, but highly-effective place you can redirect your marketing budget to, so that you can make a HUGE impact on your clients and customers Packaging matters! Why John sends clients $100 books The percentage of revenue John invests BACK into his relationships, and how this affects his business And much more!\xa0  Mentioned Resources:   Giftology book\xa0 Giftologyplan.com Free Resource: giftologygroup.com/giftologyplan Facebook johnruhlin.com giftologygroup.com  Connect with John Ruhlin:  Guest Contact Info:\xa0 Website: http://halelrod.com Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/groups/MyTMMCommunity/ Email: halelrod@gmail.com Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/hal_elrod/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/HalElrod  \xa0 Speakers That have Impacted John’s Life:  - Tom Searcy(Close the deal like warren buffet) believed in me before I believed in myself. - Jeff Piken (who wrote the forward for gift logy  Events that have made an Impact on Johns Life:\xa0  - Advisors Excel - Baby Bathwater  \xa0 Up and Coming Events that People Need to know about:\xa0  - Genius Network - War Room - Mastermind Talks  \xa0 Quick Episode Summary:\xa0  0.02 What's happening in the greenroom today 2.22 Welcome John inside the green room! 3:24 Why John does what he does 5:51 The most valuable asset speakers have 6:07 John's favorite events to speak at 11:01 Setting up your speakers for success 13:52 What makes an event bad 22:59 The Proverbs 8:16 mentality 27:09 How to get John's book for free 27:59 John's advice to new speakers 30:43 Speed round 31:15 The speakers that have impacted John the most 32:38 The event that has impacted John the most 33:19 Events everyone needs to know about 34:07 Why live events are still important 35:14 John's favorite moment inside a greenroom 36:53 Practical advice for speakers and event planners 39:57 John's BHAG 41:52 My biggest takeaways  | Connect with us!  Facebook: www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach Website: advanceyourreach.com Email: info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com\xa0  Welcome, Hal Elrod, Inside the Greenroom!\xa0 In this episode, we discuss Hal’s journey as a keynote speaker. He started out speaking at colleges for just $2,500, and his fee multiplied tenfold to $25,000 or more! This episode is PACKED with golden tips for speakers - we cover the very best practices you should follow when starting out, how to overcome imposter syndrome, how to negotiate (and raise) your speaking fees, and the power of authenticity.\xa0 Hal Elrod is on a mission to elevate the consciousness of humanity, one morning at a time. As one of the highest-rated keynote speakers in America, creator of one of the fastest-growing and most engaged online communities in existence and author of one of the highest rated, best-selling books in the world, The Miracle Morning—which has been translated into 37 languages, has over 3,000 five-star Amazon reviews and has impacted the lives of over people in 70+ countries—he is doing exactly that. P.S. - Want a free copy of The Miracle Morning? Simply review the podcast!\xa0 This is a TOP top book that I highly recommend. I’ve put hundreds of copies in the hands of employees, customers, and friends - and I’ve decided to give away even more today. Simply go to iTunes, leave us a rating and a review, and the first 12 people will get a FREE copy of The Miracle Morning!\xa0 We also cover:  How to focus more on the implementation side when running live events, rather than just information Hal’s actionable advice for speakers just starting out The major difference between speaking at colleges vs. speaking to a corporate audience A “ninja tip” every speaker should implement immediately following a speaking engagement The best practices you should abide by when negotiating speaking fees\xa0 How to charge what you’re worth, and when you should give yourself “permission” to raise speaking fees The power of authenticity: why you should EXPOSE your own flaws on stage\xa0 And much more!\xa0  Mentioned Resources:   Miracle Equation  Miracle Morning  Connect with Hal Elrod: \xa0  halelrod.com Facebook Email: halelrod@gmail.com Instagram Twitter  \xa0 Speakers That have Impacted Hals Life:  Tony Robbins Brendon Burchard  \xa0 Up and Comings Speakers the world need to know about  Jon Bergoff Jon Broman (Front row dads)\xa0  \xa0 Quick Episode Summary:  0.02 What to expect today 2:38 Welcome\xa0Hal inside the greenroom! 3:14 Who is Hal Elrod?7:38 How to get Hal's book for FREE 8:30 How Hal's event got started 12:25 What makes Hal's\xa0 event great 15:31 The question\xa0al meeting planners should be asking 16:59 How many keynotes Hal gives in a year 19:47 The hack to land college stages 22:23 Hal's tip for every speaker 24:58 How Hal made a name for himself 27:04 What speakers should charge when you're starting out 27:56 When to increase your fees 29:32 The secret\xa0to charging high fees 30:52 How to become the expert on any topic 34:30 Hal's epiphany at a comedy\xa0show 36:17 Hal's favorite up-and-coming speakers 36:43 Why live events are still important 41:05 My biggest takeaways  | Connect with us!  Facebook: www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach Website: advanceyourreach.com Email: info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com\xa0  \xa0 Welcome, Daniel Tardy from Ramsey Solutions, Inside the Greenroom!\xa0 When Daniel first started with his position at Ramsey Solutions, his primary task was to fill Dave Ramsey’s event within 90 days. After cold calling and working long hours, he helped sell out the event and has never looked back! He has served as the company’s Executive Vice President, Board Member, and Meeting Planner for live Dave Ramsey’s live events over the past 15 years.\xa0 In this episode, we dig into the nitty-gritty details of what it takes to both FILL and RUN a world-class yearly event - creating an experience that has people enthusiastically come back annually. We cover multiple subjects such as: the internal mindset you must have before you start, establishing a community, reducing buyer’s remorse, running a yearly event, and creating a WOW experience every time.\xa0 For the speakers listening, Daniel covers how him and the team goes about selecting a speaker, and what you should bring to the table if you’re not a “big name.” \xa0 \xa0 We also cover:  How Daniel filled Dave Ramsay’s very first event within a 90 day timeline (note: this was a “do or die” situation as his compensation was tied to filling those seats!) Looking to start a business and eventually run your own events? Learn the key questions you should start with before anything Where to look when it comes to finding motivated staff to fill your events What you should strive for in order to have attendees say “I'm going to trust you with this money to come to this conference.”\xa0 The level of service you should provide when it comes to selling high ticket events that have a starting price of $2,000! The “little touches” you can give to attendees from the moment someone signs up, to the start of the event\xa0 Isolation is the enemy! How to “manufacture” experiences designated to encourage attendees to interact with each other & build relationships\xa0 What attendees truly value at live events (note: this goes beyond the information dispensed) Ways to establish a community before the live event even happens How to instantly add value and reduce “buyer’s remorse” for attendees who sign up for an event The dangers of having a “template” when running yearly events The process Daniel goes through to filter & find high quality speakers for Ramsey’s live events When audience surveys can backfire as a feedback mechanism for your events How to stand out as a speaker, even if you’re not considered a “big name” in the industry And much more!  \xa0 Quick Episode Summary:  0:27 Let's step into the Greenroom! 0:38 Welcome Daniel1:27 What is Entreleader? 4:33 How Daniel used local stages 5:04 Dave Ramsey's first leadership event 6:00 What is your playbook? 6:58 Your story is enough 10:18 The key that kept their event growing 12:39 The playbook to Dave Ramsey's event 15:36 How an App can upgrade your event 20:43 How many speakers Dylan books 28:11 How to land Dave Ramsey's stage 31:16 The speaker that has impacted Daniel the most 32:38 Daniel favorite up-and-comers 33:55 Why live events are still important 35:26 Daniel favorite moment inside a green room 37:34 Final thoughts\xa0  Connect with Daniel:  Website: www.daveramsey.com Tickets to the event:\xa0www.daveramsey.com/events  Mentioned Speakers:  Zig Ziglar - www.facebook.com/ZigZiglar Speakers to pay attention to: Rabbi Daniel Lapin - www.facebook.com/youneedarabbi  | Connect with us!  Facebook: www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach Website: advanceyourreach.com Email: info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com\xa0  Welcome, Jarrod Glandt, Inside the Greenroom! In this episode, we discuss the number one challenge every meeting planner faces –\xa0filling up the seats at their event! PLUS we dive into how a speaker can win large stages and events.\xa0 Jarrod Glant is the meeting planner for the largest entrepreneurial event in the WORLD – 10X Growth Conference. This was the biggest stage I’ve ever been on! This episode dives into the nitty-gritty details of what it takes to fill an arena with over 30,000 people. Jarrod also shares how\xa0 Jarrod Glandt is Vice President of Business Development and Sales at Grant Cardone Enterprises, the world’s premier sales and management training company. He also co-hosts the weekly webcast series focused on millennial business and success, “Young Hustlers.” His remarkable working relationship with Grant Cardone started in 2010 and guided by that mentorship he is now a multi-millionaire and in the top one-percent income bracket of his peer group.\xa0 P.S. - 10x 2020 is coming up!! Grab your seats! February 21-23 10xgrowthcon.com/VIP \xa0 We also cover:  The main things that worked (and didn’t work) in filling the LARGEST entrepreneurial event in the world The number of emails sent out to promote the 10X Growth Conference Ways to “wordsmith” and repackage content to promote your event The number of months the Cardone team promoted the 10X Growth Conference The “outbound” marketing methods the Cardone team used to promote the 10X Growth Conference The biggest challenges of running big events (aside from filling seats) The traits a speaker must have to land a large event Why “money” is not always valuable to a meeting planner (note: someone offered $500,000 to speak at the 10X Growth Con, and they were rejected)\xa0 The power of knowing a meeting planners “DBM” (hint: knowing this will tremendously increase the chance of landing their stage)  \xa0 Mentioned Resources:  10x GrowthCon 2020: Grab your seats! February 21-23 10xgrowthcon.com/VIP  \xa0 Quick Episode Summary:  2:41 Welcome Jarrod inside the greenroom! 3:07 Get to know Jarrod 10:51 One of the biggest pain points in event planning 11:41 The playbook to filling an event 18:28 Relying on speakers to sell out your event 21:18 Sneak peek of the 10X growth con 22:51 Focusing on your attendee's experience 25:28 How to land a Grant Cardone stage 29:06 Fining event planners dominate\xa0buying motive 30:20 How Jarrod protects the brand 31:34 The speakers who have impacted Jarrod the most 32:22 Jarrod's favorite up-and-coming speaker 32:34 Why live events are still important 33:34 Jarrod's favorite moment inside a greenroom 34:17 Jarrod's final thoughts 35:42 My biggest takeaways  Connect with Jarrod:  grantcardone.com  10xgrowthcon.com Facebook LinkedIn Twitter  | Connect with us!  Facebook: www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach Website: advanceyourreach.com Email: info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com\xa0  Welcome, Ryan Deiss from the Traffic & Conversion Summit, inside the Greenroom! In this episode, we discuss the Top 4 Event Business models – and how you REALLY make money from events. PLUS, if you’re a speaker, Ryan shares the BEST way to stand out and get hired – even if you’re not well known!\xa0 When I first heard Ryan Deiss on live stage a few years ago, he blew my mind – before that, I didn’t know ANYTHING about digital marketing. He’s the one who introduced me to the power of online stages, and he’s been a valuable mentor in my business. As someone who’s been running his own events for a whopping 10 years, Ryan is THE person to learn from! Ryan Deiss is a bestselling author, founder, and CEO of DigitalMarketer.com and Founder and Managing Partner of RivalBrands.com and plattr.com. Ryan is the creator of the “Customer Value Optimization” methodology and has introduced and popularized many of the digital selling strategies that modern companies now take for granted. Ryan is also the founder and host of the Traffic & Conversion Summit, the largest digital marketing conversion conference in North America. We also cover:  The #1 sentence that will win you a stage The 8 things he looks for in a speaker (you NEED to know these!) The harsh reality of the exorbitant costs that come with running your own events The easiest thing you can SELL at a live event A fallacy most meeting planners believe when running their own events (note: this is especially true if you’re just getting started) Why you should NOT rely on ticket sales to make a profit at an event The two primary revenue streams for live events The three primary “event models” Ryan has discovered, and the business model that comes along for each of them (note: this includes a fourth “bonus” event model Ryan discovered by accident, which is a hybrid of two of them)\xa0 How to run an event in a way to keep the sponsors happy (note: sponsors often pay $10-30k for a single booth at an event) The dangers of running events at union hotels (note: this caused Ryan to lose over $200k from one event because of this) Best practices on how to structure your content while you’re on stage, including an example of a featured speaker When to share your biography on stage The most important thing about the first 2 minutes of your talk And much more!  \xa0 [CLICK HERE TO SEE ALL RESOURCES] \xa0 Quick Episode Summary:  3:53 Welcome Ryan to the greenroom! 4:12 Who is Ryan? 7:43 What made Ryan continue to do events 8:05 The easiest thing to sell at an event 9:34 Making events profitable 15:12 The four types of events 20:19 The best accident 23:35 How to make money on events 25:25 Selling Traffic and Conversion 27:03 The biggest mistakes Ryan has made 32:32 How speakers can catch Ryan's attention 37:30 Ryan's honest speaker feedback 40:05 The most important minutes of your talk 41:52 The speakers who have impacted Ryan the most 44:06 Ryan's favorite up-and-coming speakers 46:18 Why live events are still important 47:07 Ryan's favorite moment inside a greenroom 49:08 Finial thoughts with Ryan 50:15 My biggest takeaways  Connect with Ryan:  Facebook trafficandconversionsummit.com LinkedIn 12 Women in Marketing to Watch out Forb- Digital Marketer   | Connect with us!  Facebook: www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach Website: advanceyourreach.com Email: info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com\xa0  Welcome one of my mentors, Michael Hyatt, inside the Greenroom! In this episode, we discuss how to overcome the fear of speaking, avoid the “road warrior” trap, and how to host a world-class live event.\xa0 Earlier in my career, I attended one of Michael’s events and I was absolutely blown away by the quality of the content, as well as the event experience. He taught me how it’s possible to win in both business and life, without having to sacrifice your family in the process. This episode is PACKED with value as we cover a variety of golden nuggets throughout.\xa0 Michael Hyatt is the former chairman and CEO of Thomas Nelson Publishers, and now a bestselling author, speaker, and successful entrepreneur. He serves as an influential voice on the topics of leadership, business growth, goal-setting, and productivity. In fact, his business was recently added to the Inc. 5000 list of America’s fastest-growing private companies for the third year in a row.\xa0 P.S. - If you’re a meeting planner (or someone who plans to run events in the future) I URGE you to download a free gift Michael Hyatt created called, “Exceed Expectations with Every Event”. You can download it by clicking here.\xa0 We also cover:  How Michael overcame stage fright – and how you can too! The “hustle fallacy,” and how working fewer hours with 100 vacation days led to a 62% growth in his company. The Relentless Wow: How to create a jaw-dropping event experience that exceeds expectations. The Double Win! Escape from the “road warrior” speaker trap and have MORE impact, while traveling less. The speakers who had the biggest influence on Michael (including the best speaker he’s ever seen)!\xa0 The best “up & coming” speakers Michael has observed. Why live events will NOT stop being effective - no matter how much technology advances.  Mentioned Resources:  The EXACT Affirmations Michael does before getting on stage Speak Boldly Video Training: Pete's Step-by-Step Framework to Get Over Stage Fright & Speak with Confidence Speak Boldly Framework PDF Download: Convenient PDF to help you anytime you start getting nervous!  [CLICK HERE TO SEE ALL RESOURCES] Quick Episode Summary:  2:05 Welcome\xa0Michael inside the greenroom! 3:41 Why\xa0Michael does what he does 6:58 The truth about hustling 12:11 Love is in the details 16:18 Creating a wow factor 19:48 The two reasons people avoid public speaking 20:31 Overcoming stage fright 25:42 Why Michael started speaking again 30:13 The speakers who have impacted Michael the most 32:01 Michael's favorite up-and-coming speakers 34:19 Why live events are still important 35:27 Michael's favorite greenroom experience 37:44 Michaels final thoughts 39:58 My biggest takeaways  Connect With Michael:  Facebook: Michael Hyatt Website:\xa0michaelhyatt.com SM Links:\xa0@michaelhyatt\xa0on Instagram and  Twitter  | Connect with us!  Facebook:\xa0www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach  Website:\xa0advanceyourreach.com Email:\xa0info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com  \xa0Welcome Don Shaffer, the Executive Director at CADA, inside the Greenroom! In this episode, we discuss the true meaning of a dream stage – from winning the stage to winning over the audience. The California Association of Directors of Activities(CADA) is the largest statewide support network for Activities Directors in the nation. Their mission is to promote and support leadership development through student activities.\xa0 Don Shaffer has been the meeting planner for this event for 25 years, and it took me and my team a whopping 4 years to win his stage. BUT –\xa0it was worth it – the results were spectacular. The entire experience formed the foundation of a principle we use EVERY day today: A Dream Stage.\xa0 We also cover:  How to find the REAL decision-maker at an event, and how to connect with them.\xa0 Running 100 events a year: How they REALLY pull it off. The keys to creating an unforgettable experience for your attendees. Their Event Checklist: Before, during, and after the event. Secrets to communicating so everyone has a great event experience!\xa0 Finally, we dive deep into your WHY.  \xa0Quick Episode Summary:  4:35 Welcome Don Inside The Greenroom! 5:00 How long Don has been with CADA 5:39 What is CADA? 7:06 How many speakers CADA hires every year 8:39 How CADA runs 100 events each year 10:15 What every event can learn from CADA 11:39 How CADA generates revenue 14:10 Who controls CADA's stages 15:05 The definition of s Dream Stage 17:10 How you can start booking more stages 18:59 The mistake I made when trying to book CADA 23:50 The careers CADA has launched 25:44 Don's advice to all speakers 27:41 The speaker who has impacted Don the most 28:01 Don's favorite up-and-coming speakers 28:50 Why live events still matter to Don 29:35 Don's favorite moment inside a green room 33:21 Always remember your WHY 34:27 My biggest takeaway  Connect With Don:  Facebook www.CADA1.org LinkedIn DShaffer@CADABoard.org  | Connect with us!  Facebook:\xa0www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach  Website:\xa0advanceyourreach.com Email:\xa0info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com  Welcome Derek Gubala, inside the Greenroom! In this episode, Derek shares how to win his stage in 5 minutes (and also, how you could lose it). Derek calls himself a “speaker snob, but, these tips are true for ALL stages. He also shares what you need to do before you sell ANYTHING at events. Meeting planners: are you implementing the “red carpet plan?” The primary stakeholders at most events are the speakers, attendees, staff, and sponsors. Derek explains the principle of the “red carpet plan,” and why you should be taking care of all parties involved at an event.  Derek helps outline the content\xa0of the Brookstone Capital Management Annual Conference. The Brookstone Event brings together financial advisors, industry experts, and strategic partners, and Derek has responsibility for planning the event and selecting top speakers to serve his audience.\xa0 \xa0 Quick Episode Summary:  2:40 Welcome Derek inside the greenroom! 3:31 What is Brookstone? 4:39 The focus of Brookstone events 5:52 The best thing about a Brookstone event 7:15 Rolling out the red carpet for the right people 8:14 Lessons you can learn from Derek's mistakes 10:20 The importance of teams 11:29 Why Derek booked Pat Quin and me to speak 14:08 Should you push a product on a stage? 15:17 What Derek looks for in speakers 16:43 Speaking to the advisor's niche 19:13 The speakers who have impacted Derek the most 19:54 Derek's favorite up-and-coming speakers 20:34 Why live events are still important 21:17 Derek's favorite moment inside a greenroom 22:08 Finial thoughts from Derek 22:47 My biggest takeaways  Connect with Derek: derek@brookstonecm.com LinkedIn  Website | Connect with us!  Facebook:\xa0www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach  Website:\xa0advanceyourreach.com Email:\xa0info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com  Welcome Jayson Gaignard, the Founder of Mastermind Talks, inside the Greenroom! Jayson has built an incredible, invitation-only mastermind that gets 15,000 applications a year. 15,000 applications - for ONLY 150 spots. How? By investing in relationships. In this episode, he breaks down how he curates every detail to create a powerful event. And if you’re a speaker – inside this episode you’ll see why you should speak at and ATTEND curated Masterminds! At ONE Mastermind Talk event, I met JJ Virgin, which led to speaking on her Mindshare stage PLUS met Brad Johnson, which led us to our 2nd biggest stage ever. And that is just the tip of the relationships that Mastermind Talks has led to. My Favorite Nuggets:  Prioritizing relationships: Your network is your net worth The importance of building an incredible peer group regardless of whether you’re just starting out or already established as a community Be a catalyst for growth within your circles. Build relationships while breaking bread Relationships are the most powerful investment you can make The complexities of hosting small intimate gatherings vs. huge summit style events How to reach the unreachable Caring is the ultimate competitive advantage  \xa0 Quick Episode Summary:  2:30 Welcome Jayson! 3:10 How M.M.T. started 7:12 When Jayson hit rock bottom 8:53 How Jayson booked speakers with no money 13:15 The page I stole from Jayson's playbook 15:16 Why you should host a mastermind dinner 17:22 Jayon's blueprint to making events memorable 19:23 Giving a great gift 20:46 Jayson's first event 22:24 What it's like to experience MMT 23:44 How M.M.T. scales 25:37 How M.M.T. gets such big numbers 27:26 Creating a culture of feedback 33:28 How Jasyon 10X'ed his entry fee 36:37 How to create surprises in your events 41:56 How to be the best speaker on the lineup 46:35 How to turn your speakers into paid attendees 51:11 The speaker that has impacted Jayson the most 52:04 Jayson's favorite up and coming speakers 53:09 Why live events are still important 55:02 Jayson's favorite moment inside a greenroom 57:35 Connect with Jayson 1:00:25 My biggest takeaways  Connect with Jayson:  Facebook LinkedIn www.jaysongaignard.com mmt.community  | Connect with us!  Facebook:\xa0www.facebook.com/advanceyourreach  Website:\xa0advanceyourreach.com Email:\xa0info@insidethegreenroompodcast.com  Welcome Roland Frasier, the Co-Founder of Digital Marketer, inside the Greenroom! He is co-founder and/or principal of three of Inc. Magazine’s fastest-growing companies, and he has founded, scaled, or sold 24 different 7 to 9 figure businesses. He currently advises over 150 companies on digitally-centric customer acquisition, activation, referral, retention, revenue strategies, and implementation. In this episode, we discuss the power of scaling your business and how to build a company you can one day sell. We also discuss the power of offline events, and how to create your events so that they become an asset. As people become more and more disconnected from others by the digital world, they start to crave the element of human connection. Thus, Roland explains how the H2H (Human to Human) method is a far more powerful method of marketing communication than B2B. Meeting Planners, listen up as Roland unveils some of the biggest game-changers on how they grew from a couple of hundred attendees to 50x that in 5 years. PLUS: Insider tips on how to get hired as a speaker! Roland is a meeting planner for his own events and is always looking for new speakers. He’s hired speakers from Advance Your Reach, and he recommends our students to other meeting planners. Learn the best practices to win one of Roland’s amazing stages!\xa0 My Favorite Nuggets:  How to create an event that is an asset, that you can one day sell Are you going to build an asset, or are you going to grab the cash? How to build Brands & Assets Cater your presentations to your audience, small tweaks go a long way! Choosing your event Location: Go to the environment that has the people you want to work with \xa0Non-sellable to a sellable asset model How to grow your event from hundreds to multiple thousands! Who are the stakeholders in your events? (Vendors, Sponsors, speakers, customers)  Quick Episode Summary:  2:12\xa0Welcome, Roland inside the greenroom! 3:14 Roland's first event 6:36 When Roland teamed up with Digital Marketer 10:35 When Roland sold Marketing Conversion Summit 15:09 How T.A.C.S went from non-saleable to salable 15:36 What booking a celebrity can do for your event 20:32 Budgeting for production 23:50 Having sponsors pay for the event 25:21\xa0The profit centers at T.A.C.S 29:14 The power of a topic-driven event 30:29 The brilliance in operations at Roland's event 34:42 The one thing that helped grow T.A.C.S 38:22 Making your event live without you 41:40 Determining your event multiplier 46:12 How speakers can help events win 49:24 How to make money at an event went you aren't allowed to sell on stage 52:52 Speed round with Roland 53:12 The speakers who have impacted Roland 54:37 Roland's favorite up and comers 57:34 Roland's best moment inside a greenroom 1:03:48 My Biggest takeaways  Connect with Roland:  Trafficandconversionsummit.com  Digitalmarketer.com rolandfrasier.com www.facebook.com/rolandfrasier Insta: rolandfrasier Twitter: @rolandfrasier  ", 'chan_desc': 'Stages are the most powerful way to increase your revenue and impact. Each Thursday, join me, PV3 – Pete Vargas III “the Stage Whisperer” inside my personal Greenroom.  If you’re an Event Producer or run events of any type – we show you what Event Producers are doing to uplevel their events in every way.  If you’re a speaker or are wanting to explore speaking, in every episode we take you inside of the mind of the folks who control the stage to learn cutting edge strategies and tactics so that you can get inside THEIR greenroom.    Whether you’re a speaker, business owner, entrepreneur, coach, author or if you are a Meeting Planner/Event Producer who hosts events, conferences, or online events, then this podcast a “must listen.”', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/aa/43/67/aa43678b-6c93-c0cc-12b6-17829fb1d9a0/mza_6537323434617891890.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-05-13'}}

{'More Than Mommy': {'title': 'More Than Mommy', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/More-Than-Mommy-id1395760', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Julie Ciardi', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 44, 'play_count': 477, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.morethanmommypodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 80, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:51:57', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:42:59', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:46:12', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:24:48', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:50:14', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:37:30', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:43:08', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:28:25', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:25:31', 0], ['2019-07-24', '00:48:33', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Hey Mamas!\xa0 Have you been thinking about finally taking the step to have another income stream? I have some help for you!\xa0 Grab my free copy of the top 5 side hustles you can start today! www.julieciardi.com/sidehustle Or come join my team and see what this whole social retail side hustle is all about! www.julieciardi.com/join I am so excited to bring you this interview with Laynie Johnson! I don't know about you, but finances and the financial world is very foreign to me. I learned so much from interviewing this powerhouse investor and financial guru. She owns her own company and just wrote a book - Financially Worthy -\xa0Educating and Empowering Women to Become Their Own Financial Ambassadors Grab a copy here on Amazon!\xa0  https://www.amazon.com/dp/1689436301/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_rNpLDbK1HZ3JZ You can give Laynie a follow here on Instagram:\xa0 https://www.instagram.com/simplylaynie/ If you loved this episode, show it some love.\xa0 Leave a 5 star review and post a screen shot on Instagram and tag Laynie and I! xo, Julie | Hey mama!! You are going to love this episode!!! If you are inspired, grab a 15 min call with me to see where YOU might be able to pursue passion and profit in your own life.\xa0 Click here to book your free call! Cyndi Walter is a devoted wife and mother of four, with over 27 years of experience as an entrepreneur, trainer, and speaker in the direct selling industry. As a marathon runner and fitness instructor, Cyndi has always been passionate about exercise, and has partnered with a company that shares her love for wellness, and with another that shares her belief in healthy mindset. As a work-from-home mom in a rural part of eastern Ohio, Cyndi has built a dynamic organization with many leaders who share her passion for healthy living through optimal nutrition and mental attitude. Follow and connect with Cyndi here!!! Website\xa0  www.cyndiwalter.com Facebook https://www.facebook.com/cyndi.walter Instagram  https://www.instagram.com/cyndiawalter/ Pinterest  https://www.pinterest.com/cyndiwalter/pins/ Linked in:  https://www.linkedin.com/in/✵-cyndi-walter-✵-13241664 | Hey mama! Grab your tissues! This is a powerful episode. I chat with my girl Laura Muse who is an incredible mom, entrepreneur, friend and example of going from rock bottom to super star. From drugs and alcohol to successful multi-passionate entrepreneur, her story of grit, tenacity and focus will inspire you to take action in your own life. Check her out on Instagram at www.instagram.com/lauramuseofficial\xa0and on her website www..lauramuse.co If this episode is inspiring and you are ready to finally start that side hustle or grow the one you have, please reach out! Just email me at julie@julieciardi.com\xa0or message me on the socials.\xa0 xo,\xa0 Julie \xa0 \xa0 | Hey mama! I feel so strongly about this topic. We let other people's opinions rob us of our dreams, of taking chances. Of even cutting our hair! But here is the thing, don't blame them! We all judge.\xa0 It is human nature. Only YOU have the power to let what others think affect your decisions, your life. So listen up buttercup and finally decide that this is YOUR life and you are in the drivers seat. I have a free gift for you too! Want my guide to the top 5 side hustles you can start today?\xa0 Simply click the link below to grab your copy now! Top 5 Side Hustles to Start Now As always I would be so forever grateful if you could leave a quick review if you found this episode useful!\xa0\xa0 xo, Julie | Hey mamas! You are going to love this episode with my friend Lisa Lupo!\xa0 She shares her top tips for building a side hustle without burning out and staying in alignment to who you are and what you love. Check out more details on where to find Lisa in the show notes at www.morethanmommypodcast.com/74 | Hey Mamas! This is a real and raw episode where I share my struggles since I was in my early teens with emotional eating. I am sharing my story in case it can help one of you. It took me a long time to work through and understand that all the time I was searching for an outside quick fix to this issue, the answer was inside of me all along.\xa0 I would love for you to listen to this episode and let me know your thoughts. Does it resonate? Is this something that you need help with too? I want to help you. Join my free weight loss coaching group for September! There is one caveat! I would love for you to try some natural supplements with me as I fine tune my program!\xa0 If you are interested, email me at julie@julieciardi.com | Hey mamas! This episode is incredible.\xa0 Nichole shares an incredibly vulnerable and frightening story that turns into purpose, passion and is making a difference in this world. Nichole\xa0Sylvester\xa0is a bestselling author, spiritual teacher, podcaster and creator of The Harmonious Hustle. Her story of radical transformation has inspired her audience to dig deeper and uncover their latent potential. After recovering from addiction and escaping violent abuse, Nichole dramatically turned her life around via spiritual practice. Studying with profound teachers all over the world, she soon went from struggling single mom to operating a half-million dollar business helping others step into their greatness.  Nichole’s coaching programs, online workshops, live events and international retreats have supported thousands of women and men in transformation. To learn more check out\xa0https://nicholesylvester.com/ And if you loved this episode let Nichole and I know! Post and tag us on Instagram or Facebook! What was your biggest takeaway? \xa0 xo, Julie | Hey mamas! What a special episode! It is the one year anniversary of the more than mommy podcast! Can I ask you for a birthday gift? Can you leave a review? That would be the best gift, mama! It would mean the WORLD to me and help other mamas to learn about this podcast!!!! You can leave a review here\xa0 or just go to my show here in the Podcast app, scroll down till you see reviews and leave one! In this episode I share that I truly believe that we all have something inside of us that can help others. YOU have something in you that can help others. Listen to today’s episode to learn the steps and methods to determine just what that is and how you can create a digital product (ebook, course) or podcast from it and make some money at the same time.\xa0 Remember our friend, passive income? Check out my brand new website www.julieciardi.com! I am so excited to offer a simplified way for you to learn more about how I can help you, testimonials of some of my amazing customers, and also a page of my top picks to help you personally and in your business! Lastly, if you want to explore the ideas inside of YOU and want my help, email me! julie@julieciardi.com. I would love to help you! Happy Birthday More than Mommy Podcast!!!! Here’s to another year filled with amazing interviews, inspiration and motivation! xo, Julie | Hey Mamas!!!!\xa0 So excited to share a special offer with you, my loyal podcast listeners first!!!! I am opening up my 1:1 coaching again!\xa0\xa0 I have a few spots open in one of two tracks : Track 1: Passion to Profit  This track is for you if you have a business idea, but haven't monetized it yet. Or you joined a network marketing company but haven't made any money.\xa0   This 8 week 1:1 program is for YOU! I will help you launch your business idea and create profit\xa0  Track 2: Marketing Makeovers  This track is for you, if you started a business and haven't had the kind of revenue growth you would like. Or you have issues finding customers. Or maybe you launched a network marketing company but aren't seeing the revenue you would like. This customized program is for YOU! We will work together on what you need and craft a package that works for you!  If you are interested in learning more, grab a free consult by applying here >> www.morethanmommypodcast.com/consult Can't wait to help YOU! Today's episode is all about re-entry into your routine after vacation. I share my own personal experiences with this as well as my 3 step process to help you get back on track quickly! I would love to hear if this episode was helpful! You can find me on Instagram or Facebook or better yet, leave a review! Love you mamas! xo, Julie | Hey mamas! Don't forget to enter the weekly contest! Write a review in iTunes, screen shot it and send to me at julie@julieciardi.com and you will be entered to win a beautiful set of rose gold makeup brushes!\xa0 Also, I have a few openings in my 1:1 coaching schedule and I would love to offer them to you, my loyal podcast listeners. If you are interested, simply complete this short application and I will schedule a free consult with you!\xa0 Complete application here! So excited about today's interview with Julie Davey!\xa0 Julie is a Christian, wife, and mom of twins. She is also a nurse practitioner and natural health educator with over 20 years of experience in healthcare. She received her undergraduate degree from the Medical College of Georgia and graduate degree from Emory University.\xa0 She has been caring for patients in the area of cardiovascular medicine for over 16 years. Julie also holds a faculty position at Emory University educating future nurse practitioners.\xa0\xa0 In 2013, Julie became interested in a more holistic approach to wellness.\xa0 She began educating others on the power of food and natural medicine to heal the body.. Today, Julie is the founder and co-owner of a Natural Shift, a lifestyle brand that helps women upgrade their habits.\xa0 Julie the co-host of the podcast “Take the Upgrade” which allows her to share this message with the masses. Julie believes that true health starts in the kitchen with what we put into our bodies. Her program “In the Kitchen with Julie” helps busy women prepare healthy food while spending less time in the kitchen. Julie is passionate about empowering women with the necessary tools to live a healthy and vibrant life. Julie believes that with the right support and daily habits, you will experience real progress and lasting change! Ways to reach Julie!  www.anaturalshift.com \xa0  www.instagram.com/julieanndavey \xa0  www.instagram.com/anaturalshift \xa0  www.facebook.com/anaturalshift \xa0  www.facebook.com/anaturalshiftwithjulie \xa0 In the Kitchen with Julie :\xa0\xa0https://anaturalshift.com/in-the-kitchen-with-julie/", 'chan_desc': 'Hey mamas! This podcast is to help propel you into a purpose driven life fueling passion and profit. As a life and business coach, I share my own strategies and tools to create a life you love, which often starts with managing our minds. I believe that women are allowed to be MORE than mommy, allowed to remember who they were before kids and pursue goals and dreams that light them up!  Listen in while I share my own experiences and interview amazing women to show you what is possible! xo, Julie', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/8b/51/50/8b515087-a93c-2b87-a699-a03638aaf880/mza_5689459220892260798.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-07-23'}}

{'Home Inspector Podcast': {'title': 'Home Inspector Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Home-Inspector-Podcast-id1610810', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Ben Gromicko', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 187, 'play_count': 2448, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://homeinspector.podomatic.com'], 'ep_total': 114, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '00:01:11', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:00:55', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:11:42', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:09:15', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:11:59', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:08:40', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:17:09', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:06:29', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:02:37', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:21:19', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Learn how InterNACHI is nationally accredited as a post secondary education institution providing tuition-free training, examination, certification and continuing education to members. | Learn how to become an InterNACHI certified home inspector by visiting http://www.nachi.org | Learn how to inspect the four different types of furnace categories during a home inspection. | Ten steps to inspect the garage door opener during a home inspection. | Learn about the InterNACHI Code of Ethics for InterNACHI members and home inspectors. | Learn how to inspect the site environment around the house during a home inspection. | Learn how to inspect sloped roof coverings in this Home Inspector Podcast with InterNACHI's Ben Gromicko. | Learn what really matters in a home inspection. | Learn about the InterNACHI Home Inspection Standards of Practice at http://www.nachi.org/sop. | Learn how to inspect the landscaping of a house during a home inspection. Every home should be inspected every year as part of a homeowner's routine home maintenance plan.", 'chan_desc': "We talk about everything you need to be a successful home inspector and run a money-making home inspection business. Hosted by InterNACHI's Ben Gromicko at http://www.nachi.org. ", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/de/97/0d/de970db5-dbfd-fb9a-71f3-dfc668f6637e/mza_4992313465731194458.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-06-13'}}

{'Pursuing Private Practice': {'title': 'Pursuing Private Practice', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Pursuing-Private-Practice-id2273801', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jennifer McGurk', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 8, 'play_count': 14, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.pursuingprivatepractice.com'], 'ep_total': 8, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:31:27', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:43:58', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:23:38', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:35:44', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:43:57', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:41:31', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:50:09', 0], ['2019-08-18', '00:20:09', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Taylor Wolfram joins Jennifer McGurk on the Pursuing Private Practice podcast to talk about the intersections between Intuitive Eating and Health at Every Size® and veganism. Listen in as they discuss: \xa0  How Taylor grew her business from part-time to full-time (and the reasons why she had to grow slow)  \xa0  How Health at Every Size® and ethical veganism intersect and have common core values in body autonomy and body liberation  \xa0  What dietitians need to know when working with clients that are ethical vegans  \xa0 This episode is sponsored by a free resource for professionals wanting to build a Weight Inclusive Private Practice,  10 Steps to Build a Weight Inclusive Business. This is ideal for those looking to transform their practice to incorporate the principles of a Health at Every Size® approach, Intuitive Eating, and body positivity. www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/weightinclusive  For more information, visit www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/8 | Julie Duffy Dillion, has a weight inclusive dietitian practice and discusses her journey as a dietitian and how she jumped into opening her own private practice and how her practice evolved over the years. She shares the importance of knowing what\'s best for your own private practice and why you need to learn to say no. Saying "no" is crucial to growing your practice. You need to be able to say "yes" to the things that matter, versus spending time doing all the "shoulds" in private practice. This episode is sponsored by a resource for dietitians, The Top 10 Mistakes Professionals Make In Private Practice. Gain insight and information about building a private practice and save time, money, and energy on common mistakes that you may be doing already! Download this FREE resource on the Top 10 Mistakes Professionals Make in Private Practice and learn what NOT to do so you can do the things that really matter and make a difference. www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/mistakes For more information, visit www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/7 | Jennifer shares her top 3 lessons she learned along the way on in investing in her business and helping her business grow. She shares her journey through her business growth and how each person has their own money story. \xa0 Investing in your business can come in a variety of forms and Jennifer shares some examples of ways you can invest in your private practice and some of her own past investments in her own business.  1.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Do not wait too long to do the things you need to do to move you forward.  2.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Invest in something that will get you the best return on your investment.\xa0  3.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Pick something that is led by someone you like.\xa0  SPONSOR This episode is sponsored by a FREE training “5 Secrets To Make Money and Make An Impact In Your Private Practice”. Come hang out with me LIVE on Thursday, September 19th at 1:00pm eastern and 5:00pm eastern. In this training you will learn:  1. How to build a foundation for your business\xa0that is NOT the perfect name or logo (find out what it is and stop drawing your logo right now!)  2. How you can thrive in private practice\xa0while working with clients in a weight inclusive way.  3. The secret sauce of what to say in your marketing\xa0so clients say “YES!” to your services.  4. How you may be networking all wrong\xa0and how to network in a different way that will triple your referrals.  5. What to do when you hit a bump in the road\xa0and feel like nothing is working.  Sign up here: www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/learn \xa0 For more information, visit www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/6 | Libby Rothschild joins the Pursuing Private Practice podcast to talk about the importance of marketing and sales for your private practice. She also shares tips to find community in your business. In this episode you will learn:  1. How to authentically use your target audience to build community 2. How to sell services to clients 3. How to leverage social media, particularly Instagram This episode is sponsored by a FREE training “5 Secrets To Make Money and Make An Impact In Your Private Practice”. Come hang out with me LIVE on Thursday, September 19th at 1:00pm eastern and 5:00pm eastern. In this training you will learn:  1. How to build a foundation for your business\xa0that is NOT the perfect name or logo (find out what it is and stop drawing your logo right now!)  2. How you can thrive in private practice\xa0while working with clients in a weight inclusive way.  3. The secret sauce of what to say in your marketing\xa0so clients say “YES!” to your services.  4. How you may be networking all wrong\xa0and how to network in a different way that will triple your referrals.  5. What to do when you hit a bump in the road\xa0and feel like nothing is working.  Sign up here: www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/learn . \xa0 For all the details and shownotes for this episode, visit www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/5 | Erica Leon joins the Pursuing Private Practice podcast to talk about her career in a “traditional dietetics” and her journey to Intuitive Eating and a non-diet approach. Learn how she found Intuitive Eating, how she works with clients from a Health at Every Size® approach, and how she niched down into working with women in mid-life. Erica takes us through changes and decisions in her own business as she has gotten older and her priorities shifted. Hear how she grew her local private practice by hiring 2 dietitians, as well building online courses. \xa0 This episode is sponsored by a free resource for professionals wanting to build a Weight Inclusive Private Practice,  10 Steps to Build a Weight Inclusive Business. This is ideal for those looking to transform their practice to incorporate the principles of a Health at Every Size® approach, Intuitive Eating, and body positivity. www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/weightinclusive For more information, visit www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/4 | Jessica Setnick joins the Pursuing Private Practice podcast to discuss her journey to eating disorders private practice, as well as how dietitians can use professional speaking to enhance their career. In this episode you will hear how: • Jessica started her private practice specializing in eating disorders • She evolved to create products and services for other Registered Dietitians • Jessica is now helping other dietitians with professional speaking Jessica is an inspiration to other dietitians and has written a new book called “A Dietitian’s Guide to Professional Speaking”. Hear about her story and how she has evolved as an entrepreneur and she looks to lift up other dietitians so they can do the same. For more information on this episode and additional resources visit www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/3 This episode is sponsored by a resource for dietitians, The Top 10 Mistakes Professionals Make In Private Practice. Gain insight and information about building a private practice and save time, money, and energy on common mistakes that you may be doing already! Download this FREE resource on the Top 10 Mistakes Professionals Make in Private Practice and learn what NOT to do so you can do the things that really matter and make a difference. www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/mistakes | Dietitians support clients in many ways throughout the intuitive eating journey. Nutrition counseling is always individualized and personalized for each individual client, however many clients need support in similar areas. Elyssa Toomey, RDN, RYT, Associate Dietitian at Eat With Knowledge, joins the conversation to talk about the top 10 strategies that dietitians can use with clients in nutrition counseling. You will learn HOW dietitians support clients in different areas of nutrition counseling, such as developing a positive relationship with food, helping clients with body image, and breaking down complicated nutrition science topics. In this episode, you will hear how Elyssa and Jennifer work with clients to help you increase your confidence in nutrition counseling when working with your own clients. \xa0 SHOW SPONSOR  This show is sponsored by a free guide for dietitians, The Top 5 Reasons Your Client Binge Eats (and How To Support Them In Their Journey To Feel Fabulous About Food). This resource is all about nutrition counseling tips and strategies for clients struggling with binge eating. Gain skills and confidence to work with your clients while making an impact: www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/reasons For more information, visit www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/2 | Welcome to the Pursuing Private Practice podcast!  Just like clients go on a journey filled with many ups and downs to find peace with food, dietitians have a similar journey when building a business specializing in intuitive eating.  In this first solo show, Jennifer McGurk talks about what to expect from the Pursuing Private Practice podcast. She tells her story of building her private practice and many lessons learned along the way. You will hear about:  • Why Jennifer is so passionate about helping clients feel fabulous about food and supporting professionals to do this important work  • How Pursuing Private Practice was created and how the mission has evolved over time  • Jennifer’s belief that you can make money and make an impact in private practice  The Pursuing Private Practice podcast is just getting started! Stay tuned for more episodes on business strategy, nutrition counseling skills, and advice and support for dietitians growing a weight inclusive business. The Pursuing Private Practice podcast will feature guest interviews, solo shows for Q and A, and be THE resource for building an intuitive eating private practice! For more information, visit www.pursuingprivatepractice.com/1', 'chan_desc': 'Building a private practice, intuitive eating nutrition counseling skills, and marketing strategies to grow a business are just a few of the topics that Jennifer McGurk covers on the Pursuing Private Practice podcast. Featuring many dietitians that have been through the ups and downs of growing their own private practice specializing in intuitive eating, Jennifer McGurk is all about sharing other’s stories to inspire YOU that you can do it too. If you want to make an impact on client’s lives and support yourself as a business owner, this podcast is for you!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/0c/c6/d3/0cc6d31d-7bbf-2383-88df-254289b5eb40/mza_1667610972011877120.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-18'}}

{'Support is Sexy Podcast with Elayne Fluker | Interviews with Successful Women Entrepreneurs 5 Days a Week!': {'title': 'Support is Sexy Podcast with Elayne Fluker | Interviews with Successful Women Entrepreneurs 5 Days a Week!', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Support-is-Sexy-Podcast-with-Elayne-Fluker-|-Interviews-with-Successful-Women-Entrepreneurs-5-Days-a-Week!-id1898013', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Entrepreneur Author Speaker Coach and Consultant', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 593, 'play_count': 9426, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://elaynefluker.com/'], 'ep_total': 689, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '01:01:15', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:13:35', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:21:34', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:38:17', 0], ['2019-09-04', '01:32:36', 0], ['2019-09-03', '01:19:31', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:42:43', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:48:31', 0], ['2019-08-21', '01:00:23', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:23:38', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Gina Bianchini is the Founder and CEO of Mighty Networks, the highly buzzed-about platform that has many online entrepreneurs switching (or seriously considering the switch) from other ubiquitous platforms like Facebook.\xa0 Prior to Mighty Networks, Gina co-founded the social platform Ning in 2007 with Netscape co-founder Marc Andreessen.A Stanford MBA, who understood how important it was for businesses to nurture the relationships they established with their customers, Gina launched Mighty Networks in 2011 to help businesses build communities around their brands. Today, the company is an online platform that enhances the user experience by conveniently combining community, online learning and social engagement. Gina wants entrepreneurs to see that building a community for their brands isn’t difficult when the right strategy is implemented. On this episode of the Support is Sexy podcast Gina Bianchini shares how building brand awareness while creating a sense of community is a win-win for businesses and customers! | When I thought about my first meetup event in Atlanta I had plenty of...anxiety. Throwing events is not my specialty, so I can easily fall into a spiral worrying about all the ways to make it "perfect." Fortunately, I had a friend, Tari, who called me on my spiral and reminded me to remember my intentions. I opened up to the idea, what my intention was for how I wanted women who attended to feel, experience and smile as they thought back on the evening. Doing so helped it all come together perfectly.Now, I\'m so excited about the first Support is Sexy Meetup that will be hosted on Sunday, Sept. 22nd 6pm-8pm at Nothing Bundt Cakes at 4280 LaVista Road, Tucker, Georgia -- which is owned by Charlie Shabazz, who was episode 335 of the Support is Sexy\xa0podcast, and for all the right reasons it\'s going to be a sweet time! I hope to see you there! But if you\'re not in town, don\'t worry! JUST SIGN UP HERE TO LEARN ABOUT SUPPORT IS SEXY MEETUPS COMING TO YOUR CITY SOON! JUST GO TO supportissexymeetup.com!See you soon! | What\'s your money mindset Is it possible that it\'s holding you back from getting the money you deserve? On this episode, I share a few recent money mindset conversations I\'ve had with women just over the past few weeks -- including the powerful women who are part of my coaching program, the Support is Sexy Inner Circle -- and I also share seven valuable lessons I\'ve learned on money, pricing, value and self-worth. No judgment in the episode, just a nudge to remind you to check in and to stand in your power!RESOURCES MENTIONED IN THIS EPISODE:The Support is Sexy Circle Coaching ProgramSupport is Sexy podcast interview with Trey AnthonyEventual Millionaire podcast interview hosted by Jaime MastersSupport is Sexy podcast interview with Pia SilvaLearn about other inspiring women entrepreneurs at supportissexy.com! | According to Leigh Sevin, co-founder of Endear, their innovative, user-friendly tool is a "secret weapon for retailers," allowing them to reinvigorate brick and mortar sales by putting the relationship back into retail. Endear is designed to track consumer spending habits and preferences to help associates deliver better customer service and sales. Because who doesn\'t love a personal touch?!And if you\'re a retailer, how could you not love these numbers: Endear works with a range of retail clients including MM.LaFleur, Jarbo and Margaux, who have averaged an 18% increase in stores sales and a 77% increase in frequency of purchase through using the Endear application. On this episode of the Support is Sexy podcast, Leigh shares how you can personalize your experiences for your customers and truly tap into your local market if you have a brick and mortar space, and why Leigh says being wrong is amazing.Leigh\'s top types for retailers to connect with customersHow to leverage consumer insights and personalize experiences.How sales associates can better utilize their downtime in a productive way to reach out customers.How to personalize your customers\' shopping experiencesLearn more about Leigh Sevin and Endear, plus hundreds of women entrepreneurs around the world by featured on the Support is Sexy podcast by going to supportissexy.com! | What do you do when everyone is telling you to stop focusing on something your heart tells you is right for your business and instead they advise to just focus on money (especially when you really need that money)? What do you do when you can leverage your “difference” as an American living in Prague, but you’ve also had to navigate being considered “different” your whole life? What do you do when you just don’t know what to do?If your Belinda Fillapeli, founder of Prague-based agency GoViral and creator of 90 Meetings in 90 Days, you keep going! On this episode of the Support is Sexy podcast, recorded at Svec (pronounced Svetz) Studios during my monthlong stay in Prague last year while I traveled with Remote Year, Belinda and I go on our very own journey during this wide-ranging conversation. We discuss everything from being an American abroad, building a business abroad, how to reinvent your business, what it means to go viral by way of truly connecting with community, and how to get through those valleys of entrepreneurship. What you’ll learn:The really real about the financial ups and downs of entrepreneurship.The power of something you can still to commit to in the hard timesHow to follow through (no matter what)How to share the hard times of your journey (at the right time) and inspire othersThe secret sauce to business developmentThe importance of bringing an army of women to bring to the tableHear more interviews from more than 450 women entrepreneurs around the world at supportissexy.com!GO TO SUPPORTISSEXYASTERMIND.COM TO JOIN OUR FREE MASTERMIND OF WOMEN ENTRERENEURS WHO ARE BUILDING THIER BUSINESSES -- TOGETHER![Music: “Time Flux” by Revolution Void] | Tyrona Heath, Global Lead of the B2B Institute at LinkedIn and owner of her own B2B Consulting agency -- Spectacled Marketer, is passionate about connecting people to information needed to make intelligent decisions. She delivers educational content to help marketers stay on top of the latest in B2B marketing strategies, and teaches and writes about B2B marketing, inbound marketing strategy, account based marketing, social selling, content marketing as well as leadership, diversity and inclusion. Ty is also the former President of LinkedIn\'s Black Inclusion Group (BIG) and the Co-Founder of LinkedIn\'s annual TransformHER conference, where women come together to learn how to navigate personal and professional issues in their lives.In this deep dive workshop that was first presented to members of the Support is Sexy Mastermind, Ty teaches you how to rock your LinkedIn profile and make the most of your connections. You\'ll learn:Best practices on LinkedInKey components of a solid, standout LinkedIn ProfileWhat to include in your summarySpecial features that help tell your storyHow to position your past experiencesHow to make your profile highly searchableHow to reach out to new connectionsThe best way to follow up with new connectionsWhat\'s new at LinkedIn, including LinkedIn LiveAn inside view of Ty\'s own LinkedIn ProfileCLICK HERE TO GET FREE DOWNLOADS OF TY\'S LINKEDIN PRESENTATION SLIDES SO YOU CAN FOLLOW ALONG OR USE TO LEVEL UP YOUR PROFILE LATER![Episode Music: “Time Flux” by Revolution Void] | Jenn Nicken was working as a marketing executive at Apple iTunes when her travels inspired her to launch a company that would let people learn to cook from renowned international chefs without ever leaving their kitchens. From this inspiration, The Chef and the Dish was born! By taking a cooking class on The Chef and the Dish, users get connected private, live lessons via Skype with top chefs in Italy, Japan, Spain, Turkey, Thailand, and more, who have been featured on Food Network, USA Today, CBS, CNBC World, have worked in Michelin Star restaurants and have Certificates of Excellence from Trip Advisor. For Jenn, it\'s all about her mission to connect kitchens, share cultural traditions, pass down recipes, and bring the world closer, one meal at a time. On this episode of the Support is Sexy podcast, Jenn shares how to connect the dots in your career, why customers value experiences over things, defining your marketing message and listening to your customers, and how she\'s reinventing date night.Learn more about women entrepreneurs from around the world by visiting supportissexy.com! | On today\'s REWIND of the Support is Sexy podcast recorded in Sofia, Bulgaria, yoga instructor and Adidas marketing executive Kremena Yordanova shares the importance of celebrating your failures, how yoga helped her soften up and why she embraces a both-and mindset rather than an either-or mindset when it comes to creating the life and doing the work you love.For more interviews with women entrepreneurs around the world go to supportissexy.com!ARE READY TO GET SUPPORT AND STOP STRUGGLING TO BUILD YOUR BUSINESS ALL ALONE? THEN JOIN A COMMUNITY OF WOMEN ENTREPRENEURS WHO ARE BUILDING THIER BUSINESSES -- TOGETHER! GO TO supportissexymastermind.com!  | On today\'s Support is Sexy podcast REWIND EPISODE -- recorded during my travels in Valencia, Spain, I speak to empowerment coach Jodie Rogers, who consults corporations on building relationships, team building and redefining success. Jodie, who was born near Belfast, Ireland, and relocated to Valencia with her husband, talks about the importance of having the courage to take action and gaining confidence and clarity along the way. Plus, she shares three key questions we should ask ourselves on this journey to uncover our own purpose. For more interviews with women entrepreneurs around the world go to supportissexy.com!ARE READY TO GET SUPPORT AND STOP STRUGGLING TO BUILD YOUR BUSINESS ALL ALONE? THEN JOIN A COMMUNITY OF WOMEN ENTREPRENEURS WHO ARE BUILDING THIER BUSINESSES -- TOGETHER! GO TO supportissexymastermind.com! | On this REWIND of the Support is Sexy podcast, I take you to a streets cafe in Valencia, Spain, where I interviewed Kate Redding -- owner of Valencia Private Tours. Kate fell in love with Valencia after visiting 20 years ago, got married, and filled a gap in the travel market with her company Valencia Private Tours. And I fell in love with interviewing women entrepreneurs like Kate in person, as this was my first one while traveling to several different countries in 2018! I hope you enjoy!Hear the inspiring stories of women entrepreneurs around the world at supportissexy.com!', 'chan_desc': "Hosted by media entrepreneur, author, speaker and coach Elayne Fluker, the SUPPORT IS SEXY podcast features candid interviews with successful women entrepreneurs, around the world 5 days a week, who get real and share inspiring true stories of the ups and the downs of their entrepreneurial journeys -- where they started, when they struggled, and how they still made it happen! Every Monday through Friday, each episode of SUPPORT IS SEXY will give you actionable strategies for success, tips for building your support network, pitfalls to avoid and important lessons learned that will motivate you to take your business, and your life, to the next level!\n\nElayne Fluker was a journalist for more than 20 years before launching her own media brand. She also leads the SUPPORT IS SEXY Mastermind community -- which is a global network of 400+ women entrepreneurs around the world -- and she is currently writing a book reminding unapologetically ambitious women that having it all doesn't mean doing it all alone. Join Elayne and her guests every weekday and get inspired! Visit elaynefluker.com for more, and thank you for listening!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/66/df/8a/66df8a83-44b6-ffc0-d022-a5cf734ee452/mza_966408546794295617.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-06-29'}}

{'Hire Power Radio': {'title': 'Hire Power Radio', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Hire-Power-Radio-id1330069', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Recruiting Talent Acquisition Hiring & HR', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 47, 'play_count': 769, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://hirepowerradio.com'], 'ep_total': 129, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:21:47', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:23:55', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:24:08', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:20:41', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:20:22', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:21:49', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:22:42', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:23:20', 0], ['2019-08-09', '00:20:38', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:21:45', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Today we are making a commitment to hiring excellence! To do this you must change your mindset, your expectations and your hiring method. The transition away from “best practices”, what everyone else is doing,\xa0 is necessary to stand out.\xa0Fill your staff with A-players! Develop your B-players into A-players and significantly increase the likelihood that your company will crush it. Today’s insight is the spark to set your standard in building an amazing companyToday’s Quote:"Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work. "\xa0- Vince LombardiGuest Bio: Kevin Lawrence is the CEO of Lawrence & Co.\xa0CEOs typically place their first call to Coach Kevin with a crisis to solve. They stay because of his business acumen and no-holds-barred, tell-it-like-it-is style.\xa0Kevin’s worked with hundreds of CEOs and executives, helping them to break through business challenges, grow their companies and find personal success along the way.\xa0These experiences inspired Kevin’s book, Your Oxygen Mask First, in which he reveals the 17 habits every leader must know to transcend the perils of success and achieve even more.\xa0Today we are going to cover:\xa0The philosophy behind poor hiring practices\xa0 (attitude)What A, B & C players look likeImplementing a methodology to fill every position with A-PlayersThe all too common Philosophy of most startupsAspirations are equivalent of a beer league hockey team with NHL aspirationsEntrepreneurs drag mediocre people with them and they wonder why they don\'t winIn your own business, you don\'t think it applies to them, yet if they were able to take\xa0Founding entrepreneursDon\'t have good mentors that they\xa0Understanding what the Hiring perspective should beMost leaders don\'t scrutinize hires enoughDiscipline and rigor around the hiringThe result from hiring quickly in the beginning\xa0As they become a bigger business they use the same methodologyInsanely critical all of the time. Each hire can make you or break you… especially you as a leaderYou Must understand thisTrue A-players are being taken care of…. It is a lot of work to dislodge them. A-players never get laid off.Patterns of A-playersRick’s Input:Treat every hire like it is a Million dollar hire, changes your perspective on time investment to the hiring processKeep raising the bar!\xa0How do we make the transition to hiring excellence?You Have to believe that you deserve and NHL caliber teamThe belief puts you into a different trajectoryReview each of the key people in the business:A, B or C player \xa0 - Philosophy is A to stayStrive for excellence. With a quarterly portfolio reviewCalibrating talent every 90 days. Take action, give feedback, support, development,-treat your review like an investment portfolioHow to Identify the A playerCrystal clear on what you are looking for- a mathematical job descriptionGet to know who they are… before the offer. It may take 3-4 hours to dig deepUnderstanding character, patternsBeing able to rate someone accurately during the interview\xa0\xa0Steps Implementation\xa0Have an expert in the methodologyRequire key hire diligence & review the summary report before the hire.\xa0Reference checks- Talk to the managers only…. A-players easily give references and the managers will talk to you*mediocrity cant find their bosses*** Default to having an amazing teamFind the smartest people who have built systems and follow themEarn the right to tweak a system. Systems work when you follow them completely, Humans screw it up.\xa0Relentless execution of the basic principlesRick’s two cents:Deep behavioral discussion\xa0Gathering evidence of successSituational / Hypothetical interviews are a waste of your time!\xa0Key Takeaways:Need amazing people to create amazing performing company\xa0Deep scrutinization is critical for all hires and promotions - these are million-dollar decisions.You have to focus on your own strength & Resilience to have sustainable success | The work you must-do if you want to see innovation and growth. This work involves letting your inner kindergartner come out. Because this is when people do their best work!Today’s Quote:"The Universe is one great kindergarten for man. Everything that exists has brought with it its own peculiar lesson."\xa0- Orison Swett Marden (Founded SUCCESS magazine in 1897)I’m Rick Girard and welcome to the Hire Power Radio Show. Our mission is to help Entrepreneurs and hiring managers to avoid costly hiring mistakes by identifying a specific problem and provide proven solutions to enable you to WIN the right hire. We share insights from top-performing rebel entrepreneurs, disruptors & industry experts.\xa0Guest Bio: Summer Anderson is the Managing Partner of MiROR Partners.\xa0She has been spearheading executive search around the globe. With a proven track record of shaping executive-level leaders, guiding leaders to immediate clarity, and simplifying complex organizational matters, she is a trusted advisor to senior executive clients and candidates at Fortune 500 security, technology, and fast-growth companies. She is known for her solid network of long-standing relationships and as a catalyst for funding partnerships.\xa0\xa0Today we are going to cover\xa0Why it is important to let your inner Kindergartner take the leadHow\xa0 to create an innovative environmentThe 3 step process to foster innovationWhy is this Important?When working together a group of kindergartners outperforms a group of MBA\'s!CEO- out of comfort zone. Anytime we are in default, we are not in their best selves,\xa0big mistakes are made outside of our comfort zone and operating in default.\xa0Trust on team is more attractive to everyoneSuperstar hired will stay when the environment is safeCuriosity, wonder, sparks innovationTo create the right environment for amazing things to happenHave to be willing to prep the soilGet minds clear enough to operate as a kindergartner.\xa0Being willing to empty yourself rather than fill your head with too much.Listening with care. I\'m gonna get curious about what you saidSqueeze all the nuances out of itInnovation Codified1) Build Courage:\xa0 Leadership must lead with courage in order to inspire trust neither #1 or 2 will occur.\xa0 If thinking differently and openly sharing ideas isn’t safe, it will never happen. The change begins with you.\xa0\xa02) Review Sacred Cows:\xa0 Get your team to talk about the taboo topics.\xa0 Examine your thinking. Get an outside party to facilitate and get to the bottom of ‘why’ things are the way they are.\xa0 It’s more about thinking different. Apple was excellent about bringing this the forward. This is more about different perspectives.\xa0 You3) Add Diversity of thought.\xa0 Take a long look. Is your team thinking differently? Or are you hiring just to increase your ratio of diverse team members?Rick’s two centsStay true to who you are: If you are a jerk, hire other jerks who can challenge you.\xa0Your best people will leave when they feel unheardKey Takeaways:Be willing to look within and start with yourself\xa0Be willing to grow, get ready to help your people grow | Today we are taking an honest look at your hiring record. Data does not lie!The success or failure of your hiring is a direct result of your interview process. Everything from the messaging, the experience of the first contact through to the way the interview is conducted determines your hiring outcome. It is NOT money!!A shift in mindset is needed to understand that people have options and your company is not as special as you think. You need to stand out. You can do this by providing growth.Today’s Quote:"You have to create a track record of breaking your own mold, or at least other people\'s idea of that mold." -\xa0William HurtGuest Bio:David Patterson is the Founder and Managing Director of The Kineta Group and TheSAPRecruiter.com, and also a member of Sanford Rose, a top-10 ranked world-wide retained search firm (Executive Search Review).He is The SAP Recruiter, and helps CIOs, IT Execs, and Talent Acquisition Pros hire and retain the best SAP talent in the known Universe.\xa0In his 15 years as an SAP Recruiter, David estimated that he personally interviewed between 5,000-6,000\xa0candidates for all levels to include Architect up through the C-Suite.\xa0Show Highlights:\xa0Why it is important to really dissect your hiring recordUnderstanding what success should look likeEvolve your own unique process into an experience that attracts the right peopleWhy is it important that you take an honest look at your hiring recordYour Hiring record is the result of your interview process.What data should be measured?Number of people interviewed to get to an offer\xa0How many people turned down your offerLast 10-20 hiresWhat a record should look like?Where people fell out… timing issues. The truth about taking too long, dropping the ball, the impressions you are leavingSelf-actualization- following the pack,\xa0Different interview process- repel as much as it attracts. How can I scare people off? (the anti-sell) - The Crossfit sellRick’s Input:Retraction: Video interview is all good … one way video interviews- Bad Idea!\xa0Past performance is a key indicator of future performanceTRUTH: Money is not the reason someone turned down your offerData\xa0First Interview to Placement ratioOffers extendedAccepted / RejectedHow do we fix a broken Hiring record?Use the strategy to drive the message.\xa0Be polarizing to attract the people who love youThe majority of people don\'t get what you do, the ones that do become believersFinding that career wound…the pain that they have become habituated too. That’s where you pivot!(but you need to first find those common pains that most candidates in your industry have, as well as develop the skill to elegantly bring that out in people during interviews)Create a “Special Sauce” where you attract the people you want.\xa0Cult-like following. Special tribeDon\'t be afraid to repel the wrong people.\xa0People who are attracted to the mavericksAssessment of why you hire the way you do.\xa0Not seeing all the right people out thereBased on the job descriptionsView on the JD flows into how to recruitHow you onboard/retain them\xa0Rick’s two cents:Understand your Candidate\xa0Accept that you are one of manyFill the gap in the person’s career\xa0Provide a growth road mapTarget specific people and nurture\xa04:1 Interview to placement ratioKey Takeaways:\xa0If you don’t want to be just another commodity employer, you need to:Be willing to take a step back and figure out, fundamentally, the pains, fears, and dreams that drive the people you want to hire (and recognize that you are selling a product that solves a pain)Be willing to draw pain and dreams out of the people you are interviewing (to see what makes them tick, in their heart)Be willing to be polarizing and repel as much as you attract, if not more so! | A lot of companies shy away from hiring veterans because they don’t understand the value that they may bring to the table.\xa0Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Cisco & Walgreens have programs in full force but the majority of startups have yet to really get on board. The diversity in thought that comes from hiring a vet may be the competitive edge that your startup needs to propel your business ahead of your competition.Today’s Quote:"We hire military veterans because they make great employees. They bring proven technical and leadership skills. They understand teamwork, and they\'re adaptable. Bottom line, hiring veterans is good for business."\xa0Randall L. Stephenson - CEO of AT&TGuest Bio:\xa0Brian Erickson serves as the Vice President, Strategy and Solutions at Vidoori, Inc.\xa0 He leads company expansion strategies bringing the Vidoori brand to the west coast. Brian has over 26 years of experience in Naval Aviation, Cybersecurity, Information Technology, Information Operations, Strategic Programs and sourcing/acquisition.\xa0 Brian is a retired Senior Naval Officer (Captain/O6) with proven experience and expertise across numerous technical domains bringing a warfighters perspective to Vidoori’s mission of delivering excellence.\xa0Brian holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics from San Diego State University, a Master of Business Administration (Financial Management) from the Naval Postgraduate School, a Master of Science (Information Technology) from the Naval Postgraduate School and an Executive Management Certification from the University of Virginia Darden School of Business.\xa0 Additionally, Brian holds numerous defense and industry related certifications to include: CISSP, GSLC, CISSO, CISSM, DAWIA Level 3 PM, DAWIA Level 3 IT, CKM, ITIL.\xa0Show Highlights:The benefits of hiring veteransChallenges in the crossoverWhat is needed to hire veterans todayWhy hire veterans?Advantages of hiring veteransHard workersTrainedAll the same, competencies that civilians do +1Life experienceMuch harder workers, disciplinedWhy do companies not hire veterans?\xa0Language Translation - understanding of Military terminologySkills Mismatch -\xa0Negative Stereotypes / Bias - too rigid, formal, chain of command“Alpha” mentalityAggression / PTSD / disability fearsCultural FitFear of future deploymentsRick’s Input:Military ranking & conditioningDiversity in thoughtRequires a shift in mindsetImpactful behavior transfersHow to Successfully hire VeteransPreparation is Key!Process & StructureChecklist orientedUnderstand rigidity in the government processOutline the Framework, Training & DirectionRick’s two centsEmbrace the differences in MindsetSeek to understand the mindsetMore important to have a structured interview processKey Takeaways:Have an established interviewing team that works well together; bring in a technical “ringer” as required to round out the depth and breadth of conversation.Hire military...highly technical, lots of experience, trustworthy, bang for your buck\xa0\xa0Transactional vs relational (stick with relational) | Have you ever looked at a resume and thought this person is perfect!\xa0 Only to find out after you have hired them that the person is a total mismatch to your organization. This is the result of being “Shopping Hungry” for the hire.\xa0This is totally avoidable! By keeping the interview process consistent regardless of who the person is, where they came from you will serve you well!NEEDING\xa0 to fill a seat is not enough evidence to warrant making a hire!Today’s Quote:"If you take shortcuts, you get cut short."\xa0 \xa0- Gary BuseyGuest Bio:\xa0Kevin Castle is the Managing Partner and Co-founder of Technossus.\xa0He is responsible for motivating and leading an organization of technology experts who are laser-focused on exceptional client outcomes.\xa0\xa0A highly engaged entrepreneur, Kevin has driven the Company’s strategy and supported the expansion of Technossus’ footprint from one office in Irvine to three worldwide. The firm has been recognized three times by the Orange County Business Journal (“OCBJ”) as one of the best places to work and four times by INC 5000 as one of the fastest-growing companies in America.Show Highlights:The pitfalls of being “shopping hungry”How to avoid this pitfallA process to cure being shopping hungryWhat is “Shopping Hungry”\xa0 for last-minute hire? Why does this happen?Challenge - at the time you need to hire someone, you scramble to find them, make a hasty decision and do not go through all the of the checks and rigor to make sure they are the true long term fit and strategic hire for you\xa0Short cut the interview processWhy is it important not to shortcut the interview process when hiring?Hiring the right culture Fit\xa0Challenge - you hire someone who has the skills, knowledge, experience - but fails to make sure that they are the right culture fit. Hard to deal with, hard to get them out, and often can have a lasting impact of damage made with internal and with external people who interact with your company.Personal - hired someone that was not rooted in the same values - meaningful relationships, trust, sincere kindness.\xa0Rick’s InputThe purpose of the interview… The Truth!Short cuts get cut short … like the quoteHow do we solve this problem?Acknowledge that you were the culprit of the mistakes madeSolution - spend 5-10% of your week passively recruiting. Meet key persons, spend time networking and reaching out to people to learn more about background, desires. When you need to bring someone in, then a couple of friendly calls can get you moving quickly. Networking with people who may know other people like you may hire is a key strategy to get some great referralsSide benefit - a great way to get market aware (can teach you a lot). Also helps to give you a broader breadth of the skills in the market for the position.Solution - be clear\xa0Important - to only hire people that represent your valuesTrust your gutIncident - several years back. Hired someone that I just knew was not going to work well. Did not click with me, and could not get through and understand why. I could not articulate what it was that made us not connect. The team was ecstatic in interviewing this person, all thumbs-up, and ultimately hired this person.\xa0What happened - It completely did not work out. Had to let them go and nobody was happy in the end. Did not get the job completed, trust was an issue from the start, had to let them go.Important - to click with the people who work for you. To start off with a genuine interest in someone is critical for them to be successful.Having to let someone go who is loved by all - but is not performingSolution - having metrics-based performance tracking - we have this @ every single level in our organization - where goal setting, outcome, performance can be quantified - at times this ends up having to trump likability which is very difficult for people, companies, for us all.Have specific questions around the culture.\xa0Rick’s two centsPerformance-based metrics.\xa0Key Takeaways:Passive recruiting- Network 5-10% of your timeCultural alignment mattersTrust your gut | We have all experienced it….Trying to coordinate calendars to accommodate an interview.\xa0\xa0It is a BIG time suck from someone’s day!\xa0How to eliminate some of the administrative tasks and shift into more productive work that moves your business forward.\xa0\xa0Today’s Quote:"There\'s a lot of automation that can happen that isn\'t a replacement of humans but of mind-numbing behavior."\xa0\xa0- Stewart ButterfieldGuest Bio:\xa0Olivia Melman leads DigitalOcean’s Recruiting Operations team, having joined the company as the People team’s first Program Manager in March 2017. In addition to managing the Recruiting Coordinators, Olivia is focused on automation and collaboration within the full-cycle recruitment process, and owns all data and tooling associated with recruitment strategy. She also manages DigitalOcean\'s external partnerships with talent acquisition and branding vendors, and runs point internally on headcount planning alongside the FP&A team. Olivia started her career in Financial Services as an HR Management Analyst, and most recently, was a Customer Success Manager for LinkedIn’s Talent Solutions business.Show Highlights:\xa0The issues around Calendar managementThe challenges with just coordinating & scheduling interviewsSolution to optimize your interview calendaring issuesWhat are the challenges in scheduling interviews today?My team’s responsible for coordinating interviews -- at a really high volume (averaging 200 hires a year), but the challenge we’ve run into is really how to maximize time in meaningful ways.\xa0Limited interviewer availability and limited candidate availability -- coordinating calendars effectively becomes really difficult\xa070% of my team’s days are spent browsing Google calendars to schedule interviews (more specifically, onsite interviews where we are bringing candidates in to meet several people from our hiring teams)Interview scheduling ties to candidate experience, employee experience (hiring teams) and the experience of those on my team (it’s frustrating staring at Google Calendar all day!)Why is it important?Time spent where people are not contributing their maximum potential/value to the team -- once you’ve mastered how to schedule, you don’t learn from each instanceAt this kind of junior level role, it’s important to me that my teams gaining relevant experience beyond the task at hand (scheduling) -- and is in fact as an operations leader, I need them to gain system implementation experience -- program management and change management experience so that I can effectively delegate down the road(personally, I want to make sure that everything my team is doing is contributing to their individual growth and development).\xa0Navigate gaps- communication upfrontRick’s Input:Always one person- have an alternate\xa0A bench of back-up dancers (interviewers)How do we solve this problem?Using a new technology platform to automate interview scheduling and eliminate the “calendar Tetris” of trying to schedule onsite interview panels / back to back interviews.The tool essentially enables the user to build the interview panel or team (select interviewers, interview duration, format, location -- set times) and then the tool does the work for us by using AI to pull in Google Calendars and find time slots where the selected interviewers are available back to back and for the assigned formats/durations.Cut to 40% of the time using system administration skills rather than scheduling role (30% time savings)How did we go about finding a solution?Discovery and assessment -- figuring out exactly what the workflow looks like now (in terms of people, process, and systems)People -- do we have the right people executing? Who are the stakeholders? Is that who they should be?What activities are these individuals working on that isn’t adding value? For example, what is being executed that doesn’t bring 1) learning 2) development or maybe 3) revenue or however YOU define value for your orgLet’s break out those individual activities we identified and first, look internally to solve with automation (an example where we did leverage internal resources was with a web-based candidate resource library -- so that we could stop attaching docs to every email and updating links in a zillion place, just have one link do.co/candidates)If nothing internally available, then go to market to see what external vendors or technology partners existVendor selection: Speak to DO philosophy on vendor selection (simple and elegant, ability to inform product design, contribute to vendor success)\xa0→ this led us to Interview Schedule!Rick’s two cents:Standardize a process where anyone can step inAssign questions to each person in the processEvaluate based on the company valuesPre-schedule days for interviewsKey Takeaways:People, process, then systems -- nothing will work if you don’t have the right people in placeImplementation -- making sure you think through user adoption and change managementMetrics for success -- any time you are investing in automation ($$), making sure you have a clear vision for what success looks like | We are talking today about the importance of keeping your people informed about what hiring is taking place and allowing your people to become brand ambassadors!The benefits of keeping your people informed are tremendous as employee referrals harness the highest ROI. Reduce time to hire (55%), Cost of Hire ($3k), improve the quality of hire by 88% and increase retention @45% (after two years).This all starts with continually marketing internally first, then expanding outward!Today’s Quote:"Internal marketing is probably much more important than external marketing. That\'s even more true today than it\'s ever been."\xa0- Tom StewartGuest Bio:Angelo Ponzi is the Founder & President of The Ponzi Group. He is a marketing and branding strategist that works with small to middle-market companies as their fractional Chief Marketing Officer in defining market opportunities, developing competitive profiles, audience personas, brand realignment, and strategies, to strategic, integrated marketing plans that help businesses compete in an ever-changing marketplace.\xa0\xa0He focuses on three strategic pillars for success: Insights, Brand, and Plan to develop effective and efficient programs for building enduring brands and sustainable business growth.\xa0Angelo is also the host of the radio show/Podcast, Business Growth Café.Show Highlights:\xa0Employment MarketingWhat is it? Why is it importantHow to Structure a solid marketing campaign\xa0\xa0What is Employment Marketing?Promotion of the company’s mission, values, products/services to its own employeesWhy is it important?Improve employee engagementProblemWhat are the challenges facing todayIn most companies, this is non-existantMarketing is left up to recruitingWhen it comes to marketing, companies focus externally and do not educate everyone internally.\xa0Internal marketing\xa0Creating brand ambassadors for hiring\xa0Everyone has a role in marketing, and need to get involved in what is happening. Get everyone to embrace what they are doing.\xa0Huge risk of alienating potential hires because they do not know how to market the company. Internal communication, internal operations, functionality\xa0Avoid potential issuesWho’s responsibility is it?C-suite & MarketingRecruitingRick’s Input:Internal referrals are your strongest source of talentInformed employees are continually on the lookoutRequired Talent Acquisition & Marketing collaborationCultivate a referral programBrand messages reached 561% further when shared by employees vs the same messages shared via official brand social channels (Source: MSLGroup)Content shared by employees receives 8x more engagement than content shared by brand channelsIngredients for good candidate ExperienceHow to deploy an internal marketing programSet up a monthly meeting- internal chat or social platform toGet information to everyoneMake the messaging visible as possibleInternal emailExposure to marketing materialsEducate employees on how the work they do fits into the overall business to build a better understanding of their contributions.Steps for executing a plan - ProcessConduct an internal survey to better understand the level of knowledge\xa0\xa0Develop an internal marketing plan, similar as you would for external marketingEmpower an individual to be the internal marketing champion...not just an additional duty, but true responsibility with KPI’sRick’s two centsAlign recruiting & marketingCultivate a referral initiativeEncourage promotion through social channels (Gamify)Key Takeaways:Incorporate information about the company, markets and brand into the on boarding processUpdate employees at least once a quarter, if not monthly on any changes that can impact their jobs and/or give them the ability to talk about the company beyond their functionMake sure employees are marketed to first, so they are aware of campaigns prior to the external marketing activities. This builds loyalty and inclusiveness among the staff.\xa0 | Why is raising capital more celebrated than building a business that is actually profitable? It may be a smarter play to join an actual business rather than a "concept company".A bootstrapped company should be more attractive to people but for some reason, it is not.\xa0Today we are out to prove that driving a good business does not require venture capital and You do not need VC money to attract and hire the right talent.\xa0\xa0\xa0Today’s Quote:"Bootstrapping is a way to do something about the problems you have without letting someone else give you permission to do them."\xa0- Tom Preson-Werner, co-founder of GithubGuest Bio:Meetul Shah\xa0CEO of DemandMatrix, Inc., is a tech entrepreneur, having successfully built 3 companies prior to starting Demand Matrix.\xa0His “entrepreneurial” vision and inspiration comes from his desire to create and bring products to the marketplace that can help solve problems he himself has faced in his career. The combination of his years as a successful entrepreneur combined with his tenure at Microsoft has given a strong shape to his business acumen and technical expertise.Meetul has been featured in several major publications, like CIO, NYT, WSJ, Washington Post, Huffington Post, Venture Beat, and more.\xa0\xa0If you were to ask him to introduce himself in less than 5 seconds, he’d probably just say he’s an idea machine, health freak, and wine lover! He is deeply passionate about Sales and Marketing Productivity given his time working for and selling to enterprise companies like Microsoft, DocuSign, Google, Cisco.\xa0Show Highlights:Bootstraping! What is it?Challenges & benefits to hiring in this type of organizationA Process to hire when you do not have money to burnWhat is Bootstrapping?\xa0A bootstrap is a business launched by an entrepreneur with little or no outside cash or other support.Why Bootstrap your company?\xa0When you take the capital, you take more risks in hiring. You make bad hires under the pressure of VC money.\xa0The pressure to hire outweighs common sense.\xa0Challenges faced while hiring\xa0Viewed like you don\'t have moneyMay not be able to afford people because salaries are supported by the business.\xa0Lowering standards because people are not biting.Desperation takes over and you hire whoever you can.\xa0Hiring is misunderstood in startups\xa0False perception- you have money, you hiring\xa0Early-stage it costs the company a lot when you make a bad hire!Rick’s Input:VC money opens doors but it\xa0Attracting people who are brainwashed by funding yet you will probably won\'t get a dime when the company exitsSolutions (what you learned):As an Entrepreneur, where to Start?Understanding yourself, who you areSupplement & compliment people to support core values.\xa0Hiring community understand and can divide and conquer\xa0Structure your process to allow for successful hiringHire a really good TA personBuild a recruiting process.\xa0-find a recruiting process, glassdoorDon\'t be desperation and be non-bias and do not ignore the warning signsBadmouthing employer, blaming others, sharing things they should not share (internal information), bad culture, bad bossRick\'s Process:Determine what the business needs, set performance metrics\xa0Build interview questions to gauge with company value alignmentFormalize an interview structure for “Purpose”predetermined questionsTimedBehavioral-based interviewing (like Amazon)Communication/Feedback channel\xa0Key Takeaways:1. Know yourself, and the values you care about\xa02. Pay attention to the warning signs3. Build a solid business foundation so you can use VC money "as a fuel in the fire" to align incentives/goals  | People are your company’s most valuable asset. Yet the interview process is riddled with actions to support otherwise.\xa0Common Transactional Interview practices like pre-tests, hurdles, hoops, and ghosting do not attract people. In fact, they repel great people. The truth is, people will judge your company on how you make them feel! … not the offer you present to them.Today’s Quote:“It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you’ll do things differently.”\xa0– Warren BuffettGuest Bio: Marie Norman is the Director of Talent Acquisition for Adobe.\xa0She leads the Corporate Functions team which includes Global Marketing, Finance, Employee Experience, Legal and Corporate Strategy.\xa0Marie brings diverse and innovative industry experience leading and building scalable talent acquisition teams and HR programs in the areas of Talent Attraction and Acquisition, Workforce Planning, Career Development and Coaching, Candidate Experience, Employment Branding, and Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging.\xa0Her passion lies in motivating, coaching and building successful recruiting teams, employment branded story-telling and delivering a unique, memorable and delightful Candidate Experience to all. She is also an Adjunct Professor with the College of Business at San Jose State University.Show Highlights:\xa0What is “Candidate Experience”Things that are downgrading your stock in the marketplaceA Process to drive GREAT candidate experienceWhat is\xa0 “candidate experience”?\xa0Candidate experienceThe attraction is more about relationshipChallenges facing todayManagers can no longer play a passive role.\xa0Managers disengagedDon\'t realize they need to be involvedThe ability of the recruiter to continue to market the company for future rolesPeople Fall through the cracks as the process evolves.\xa0When the candidate is not a top pick, things fall through the cracks and the relationship goes sourCompanies Missing out on quality hires because of quickness.\xa0Quantifiable metricsCandidate experience scorecardExplain the positionTime to follow upOverall experienceHiring manager alignment with the role*** Stats for success between hiring managersAlignment between the manager & recruiterRick’s Input:Transactional MindsetOut of sight, out of mindGive closureTalent double standardMiss-judge talent\xa0How people feel determines how they perform. The purpose of every interview is to get to the truth of who a person is by gathering evidence to support making an accurate decision.\xa0Ingredients for good candidate ExperienceHow to give a good candidate experienceDefine who plays what part.Recruiter owns the first parthand offHiring manager takes overOthers- interview scheduler, hr admin, systems, career page, job ad itself - technology-driven, ATS\xa0systems - non-human elements\xa0ProcessEasy submittal/application processTracking systemCommunications set up immediately after application- within 24 hoursTaking actionEstablishing a timeline.\xa0Final dispositionInterview or rejection- communication\xa0Final communication- honor commitment to respond backRick’s two centsCommunicate!\xa0Be approachable, break\xa0 down barriers, hurdlesBe creative: call people who the system screened out.\xa0Key Takeaways:CONCEDE that the Candidate Experience is a crucial part of your recruiting strategyCREATE your plan and communicate/train participants on their rolesCONSISTENCY - be sure to be consistent and repeat the process for every candidate every time! | Today we are talking about building a high scale remote company.\xa0 Try this on for size, a 75-person company without an office! The advantages are different than you might think yet you really must be mindful of who you are hiring.\xa0\xa0A remote workforce\xa0is a time to talent advantage not a save money advantageToday’s Quote:“Most of us spend too much time on what is urgent and not enough time on what is important.” —\xa0Stephen CoveyGuest Bio:Ryan Malone is the CEO of SmartBug Media, which he founded to give clients amazing results and employees a lifetime of memories. Before SmartBug, Ryan ran marketing at several venture-backed and public companies. Ryan enjoys the gym, live music, people watching, and playing terrible guitar. He lives in Orange County with his wife and two amazing daughters.\xa0Show Highlights:Challenges & benefits of a remote organizationThe importance of cultural fitInterview structure for hiring remote employeesChallenges:Why??Building a business is hard enough. Why make it more difficult by building a remote business?\xa0Be part of the team and be part of the familyHire better and faster by being able to hire talent from around the countryOnly option to build the tribe\xa0Talent Strategy:Recruit ahead- create a waiting list. Always interviewing.\xa0\xa0Building a Marketing culture:\xa0People are bought in when they joinStructure work culture\xa0Deep challenging relationships\xa0First people hired should be a marketing/pr person. Attract people who are already qualified to the process.\xa0Peer-based reference reviews prior to the interview. Inbound recruiting, skill surveyVideo submissionsBenefits of building a remote workforce:The talent pool is vastWork/ life integration-\xa0Flexibility\xa0The world will not end if you are not at your deskInterview process:Inbound resume flow (into ATS)No headhuntingATS- kicks out instructions to make a video to submit\xa0Schedule an interviewAll video interviews, mix of behavioral interviewingOne person focuses on skills, values, tools, culturalLook for Clean work environment, evidence of value, perseverance, curiosityAre you an additive to the culture?Interview structure:\xa0A 30-minute call with everyone on the teamFlexible work modelPsychological permission be available for your customers/ team but the schedule\xa0Key Takeaways:Hire marketing & pr firstUse video as a screening toolReference peer review early in the processDesignate people to be experts in the interview processAlways be interviewing', 'chan_desc': "The #1 Talent Acquisition & Recruiting podcast! I'm Rick Girard, host of the Hire Power Radio Show & Podcast. Thanks for tuning in! This show is disruptive and it will challenge the conventional thinking of how you recruit for your company.  Each week, we sit down with unique guests (rebel entrepreneurs, agile executives & industry experts to share how they are able to win critical hires.Learn the real secrets of recruiting from disruptors who don’t travel the same path as everyone else; they forge their own.\u200bTHE HIRE POWER RADIO SHOW broadcasts every Tuesday at Noon (PST) on Facebook Live.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/11/b2/63/11b26338-d0a2-ea5c-20d3-51ad82220cfb/mza_8464016334001253769.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-06-08'}}

{'The Business Acquisition Podcast with Bruce Whipple': {'title': 'The Business Acquisition Podcast with Bruce Whipple', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Business-Acquisition-Podcast-with-Bruce-Whipple-id1777591', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Bruce Whipple', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 112, 'play_count': 1698, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://brucewhipple.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 43, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:04:37', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:05:58', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:06:41', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:08:20', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:06:36', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:07:31', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:06:06', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:08:01', 0], ['2019-08-06', '01:04:48', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:06:21', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Procrastination truly is the thief of time! I was asked, "Why do we procrastinate and what to do to avoid procrastination?" What a great question. In this podcast, I explain what I\'ve learned about what works in eliminating procrastination. | What are you willing to pay for the success you THINK you want. Dan Peña said that to me over 25 years ago. Being super successful isn\'t easy and it requires a lot of sacrifices so that is a question worth figuring out | How do you know how you\'re doing if you don\'t measure it? That\'s a great question. The answer is ... you don\'t. In this podcast, I cover a weekly report that will let you track your activity and results. | Success and failure leave clues! The choices you make obviously impact your future but how much they impact your future isn\'t always clear. Here are three examples that show the impact of decisions made. | I spent the day with Kay yesterday as we planned his QLA journey. Around us, people were spending the last day of their summer vacation. Many spent more time planning that vacation than the plan for their life. Kay didn\'t want that to happen to him. | Napoleon Hill said it very well. “The path of least resistance makes all rivers, and some men, crooked.”\xa0 This week\'s podcast is about the cost of short cuts and integrity. | Knowing others have done it is very powerful. In this week\'s podcast, I\'ve included a discussion between Dan Peña and Dan Lok.\xa0 Communication is a key tool in succeeding and stories are a powerful tool in communicating. | People get stuck on picking an industry as they begin their QLA journey and the process is simpler than you might think. This week\'s podcast is all about how to pick an industry and stand out from the crowd. Dan Peña created QLA more than 25 years ago and the results speak for themselves. | I met Dan Peña in February 1993 and we\'ve been business partners for more than 25 years. I love this speech from the Harvard Club in New York City. I converted this audio from a cassette tape. Many of you might not have ever seen a cassette tape. Great takeaways. Enjoy! \xa0 | In the acquisition world, you will trade on your reputation. Guard it carefully as it will be the cornerstone of your reputation', 'chan_desc': 'Acquiring a profitable business can be one of the fastest ways to success. However, it can also be quite challenging.Join business acquisition and growth strategist Bruce Whipple as he shares the strategies, tips, and techniques gleaned from 25+ years and $50 Billion in cumulative wealth creation for himself, Dan Peña, QLA, and others.If you believe business acquisition is the path to success you want to take, this is the podcast for you!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/d1/56/74/d15674f0-b6d4-29fa-bb34-09aa8595527a/mza_4417977177929533093.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-12-19'}}

{'Streams of Income': {'title': 'Streams of Income', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Streams-of-Income-id2359291', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Ryan Reger', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 5, 'play_count': 52, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://streamsofincomeradio.com'], 'ep_total': 8, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:45:39', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:46:30', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:46:05', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:46:12', 0], ['2019-08-31', '00:45:42', 1], ['2019-08-31', '00:45:47', 0], ['2019-08-31', '00:46:05', 0], ['2019-08-31', '00:46:03', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "If you’re in a business that you need to work more hours or book more clients to make more money then this episode is must listen to one for you! Katie Lamb took her love and passion for photography and turned it into a course, a coaching program, brand sponsorships and more! | Brian Dixon, Author of Start with your People, unpacks the following: how to love what you do, how his morning routine plays a part in his success, the question he asks people that allows him to serve them in a greater way, and how to deal with difficult people. \xa0 | Are you working in your business or on your business? In this episode Productivity Coach Chris Niemeyer talks about how to outsource parts of your business, how to implement systems and processes, and how to scale your business.\xa0 | If you've ever felt like you have excuses why starting a business won't work for you listen to this episode.\xa0 Honey destroys the excuses and shows how she has built a business that has allowed her to homeschool her 6 children and bring her husband home from a job that was sucking the life out of him.\xa0 | Jenni started her online business career by selling a stroller she purchased at a garage sale.\xa0 Now she has students all over the world that look to her for online business advice. In this episode you'll learn where to get started even if you have no money and no experience and also how to turn something you're passionate about into a serious income. | In this episode I'll talk with my friend Jimmy Smith who along with his wife Brittany have an Amazon business that brings in over $100,000 per month!\xa0 Jimmy has a unique system of finding items that sell over and over again every month. | Find out why this is the greatest time in the history of the world to be an entrepreneur.\xa0 Starting an online business doesn't have to be expensive or risky. | Welcome to the first episode of the Streams of Income podcast! In this episode author Ryan Reger examines the 3 main online business models and how they can be used to create multiple streams of income.", 'chan_desc': "Multiple streams of income might sound nice, but is it actually possible?  Yes!In the Streams of Income podcast, online business coach Ryan Reger unpacks the three main online business models and helps listeners determine which one is the best fit for them, while demonstrating how they can be the vehicle for listeners to live their dreams.Whether the goal is to spend more time with family, be able to give more to important causes, or saving for kids' college or retirement, Ryan gives listeners the tools they need to reach their goals and live the multiple income streams dream.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/c1/91/30/c191301c-cd6a-200e-b7bd-4c53f10a2dde/mza_8986215357044797258.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-31'}}

{'Make The Difference Podcast': {'title': 'Make The Difference Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Make-The-Difference-Podcast-id2358437', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Brandan Millan', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 1, 'play_count': 3, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://makethedifference.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 2, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '01:53:41', 0], ['2019-08-04', '01:54:25', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Erik Hill is a friend and former professional firefighter. Erik became addicted to opioids after cracking 5 vertebrae in his back while on the job. Erik’s story is one of sadness, happiness, triumph, determination, self-discovery and so much more. Erik has been clean for over three years and wants his story\xa0to be heard, so others may understand the trials and tribulations of addiction, as well as for people to know\xa0that there is life after addiction. Words can’t describe how brave Erik is. Heidi Ligouri has over 16 years of clinical experience, Heidi Francine Ligouri is a Licensed Professional Counselor & Certified EMDR Therapist who specializes in helping people feel fully alive & connected in their lives. She holds a Masters of Counseling degree from Arizona State University & is a Certified Eye Movement and Desensitization Therapist. Heidi helps others reconnect to their feelings & needs & discover the freedom that lies beyond fear. As a lifelong learner, Heidi dedicates much of her time\xa0studying contemplative practice, trauma resolution, and interpersonal neurobiology to further her understanding\xa0of our human condition. Heidi is also an accomplished athlete & cyclist, as well as a two- time Ironwoman. You can find Erik on Instagram at @easye602 and you can find Heidi on Facebook at @growthspringcounselingandcoaching | Mark Tucker had a successful football career starting at Banning High School in Wilmington, California, where he was awarded multiple all-state honors and South Bay Lineman of the year as a senior. Tucker went on to play at USC where he was a four-year starter at offensive guard, playing in 48 games, 3 Rose Bowls, and graduated in 1991 with a Bachelor's degree in political science. He was All Pac-10 as a sophomore and senior, second team as a junior, and first-team All-American as a senior. He was\xa0a finalist for the Lombardi Award and Outland Trophy, given to the top lineman in college football. As a pro, Tucker was drafted in the 7th round by the Atlanta Falcons in the 1991 NFL Draft, he went on to play for the Indianapolis Colts, Phoenix Cardinals, Jacksonville Jaguars, and the New Orleans Saints in 1996. Tucker went on to play 10 years in the Arena Football league for the Arizona Rattlers, eventually winning\xa0a world championship against Kurt Warner and the Iowa Barnstormers. Roy Lewis is the owner of my 69 Chevelle that he renamed the Black Panther, against my sound advice. Like Tucker, Roy started his football career in south-central Los Angeles at Narbone High School, where he played linebacker and cornerback. Lewis went on to play for San Jose State his freshman year and\xa0then the University of Washington, where he served as team captain his senior year and earned a degree in American Ethnic Studies. At Washington he was named Pac-10 defensive player of the week and\xa0the team's defensive MVP after the win over Boise State in 2007. After his senior year, Lewis was then signed by the Pittsburg Steelers as an undrafted rookie free agent after impressing Steelers coach Mike Tomlin with his physical play. While playing for the Steelers, Lewis won a Super Bowl in 2008. He then went on to play for the Seattle Seahawks, where he was presented with the Steve Largent Award and the team’s Man of the Year Award. You can find Mart Tucker on Instagram at @swol1_tuck and you can find Roy Lewis on Instagram at @roylew34", 'chan_desc': 'Brandan Millan Co-Owner of Reef Builders LLC (Arizona based custom home builder) explores the common traits, habits, and leadership qualities that successful people have from the playing field to thebusiness world and more, as he should know, taking a 2 person construction company to a multi-million dollar company in less than 5 years. As the son of a Filipino immigrant with strong blue collar roots and coming from humble beginnings, Millan pulled his mattress from a one bedroom apartment closet every night to sleep on for the better part of his childhood. Millan’s journey through life created a diverse background as a softwareengineer, military veteran, construction owner, technical dive instructor, automotive refinisher/car builder, public safety company officer, multi-sport athlete, master’s graduate, and more. Millan often jokes that he doesn’t know what he is going to be when he grows up. With his diverse background, dynamic guests from all backgrounds will be introduced to show you that success in one arena, can and will translate to success in other areas of life, no matter what your goals may be. It’s going to be fun, so let’s go!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/f8/92/ef/f892ef7e-e24a-4e9a-38f8-33aa97dd1126/mza_3152790330869364121.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-04'}}

{'Company of One': {'title': 'Company of One', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Company-of-One-id2086252', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Paul Jarvis', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 276, 'play_count': 1342, 'ch_feed-socials': [], 'ep_total': 22, 'recent_eps': [['2019-07-27', '00:08:44', 1], ['2019-07-20', '00:10:32', 0], ['2019-07-13', '00:15:27', 0], ['2019-07-06', '00:13:17', 1], ['2019-06-29', '00:10:59', 0], ['2019-06-22', '00:11:48', 0], ['2019-06-15', '00:09:03', 0], ['2019-06-08', '00:40:08', 0], ['2019-06-01', '00:09:47', 0], ['2019-05-25', '00:09:08', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Shaunna is a sellout in an actually positive definition of the term: she paints how and what other people want from her. but this gives her the freedom to work from home, take time off and travel, and that is more valuable to her than just painting whatever she wants.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | Ryan Oakes is a magician and mentalist who works with companies like Twitter, GE and Google. He’s been on Harry Connick Jr’s TV show and covered by Forbes and The New York Times and Wall St Journal. He’s also a smart business strategist who knows how to nurture business relationships to move forward in his niche.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | Support-Driven Growth is a business approach aimed at shifting the customer support channel from cost center to critical revenue driver, which makes sense, since support staff are in direct contact with customers, all day, every day. Mo McKibbon leads SDG at Helpscout.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | When happens when you create a profitable business, but in doing so, you realize it’s something you actually want to be a part of? Margo Aaron explains what happened for her, how she dealt with it, and how she’s going to avoid doing it again. There’s a difference, of course, between the business you could run and the business you should run.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | Knowing what “enough” is for each of us, and for our work, is a very liberating thing. What happens when we push back against this dominant business narrative? Lauren Bacon explains.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | Whenever there’s a single narrative or single truth in business, it’s typically only truth for one group of people, to the exclusion of everyone else. Kate Kendall and I discuss.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | Channing Allen runs a website called IndieHackers with his brother Courtland. They’re a two-person team who advocates staying small and intentional growth. Then, one day, they got an email from the billionaire CEO of one of the largest tech companies on the planet to be acquired.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | On the Pinterest generation and debt, enoughness, marketing and the changing face of expertise online.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | AJ is the enigmatic founder of Carrd. He runs a profitable software business that focuses on the space between business to consumer and business to niche.Sponsored by Freshbooks. | Abby Walker is the CEO of Vivian Lou. She runs a multi-million dollar physical product company from her home wearing sweats (and high heels).Sponsored by Freshbooks.', 'chan_desc': "Company of One explores what happens when businesses challenge the idea that bigger is always better. The show explores a conversation around what happens if growth isn’t the byproduct of success. It's based on the book, Company of One (forthcoming from Houghton Mifflin Harcourt on January 15, 2019). The host, Paul Jarvis, is a writer whose work has appeared in Fast Company, WIRED, USA Today and more. He’s taught over 13,000 students through online courses and has worked with companies like Microsoft, Mercedes-Benz and Marie Forleo in design and online business consulting. The first season is 10 episodes and includes conversations with Laura Roeder, Jason Fried, Danielle LaPorte, Dan Provost, and Spencer Fry.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/3b/15/4a/3b154a51-881c-f97f-4bb7-9709e5a2ec6c/mza_1525472495718640937.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-03-14'}}

