{"The Doctor's Farmacy with Mark Hyman, M.D.": {'title': "The Doctor's Farmacy with Mark Hyman, M.D.", 'chan_url': "https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Doctor's-Farmacy-with-Mark-Hyman%2C-M.D.-id1289969", 'num_comments': 49, 'author': 'Dr. Mark Hyman', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 12439, 'play_count': 287795, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/markhymanmd', 'https://www.facebook.com/drmarkhyman', 'http://drhyman.com/'], 'ep_total': 96, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:11:26', 2], ['2019-10-02', '01:20:24', 5], ['2019-09-27', '00:09:09', 3], ['2019-09-25', '01:29:06', 2], ['2019-09-20', '00:08:31', 1], ['2019-09-18', '01:09:34', 10], ['2019-09-13', '00:07:22', 6], ['2019-09-11', '01:05:00', 6], ['2019-09-06', '00:07:31', 2], ['2019-09-04', '01:00:25', 6]], 'hover_text_concat': 'We all want to know what it takes to live a long, healthy, and happy life. In this mini-episode of the podcast, Dr. Hyman speaks with longevity expert and bestselling author of, “Blue Zones,” Dan Buettner, about the commonalities amongst several geographic regions around the world where high percentages of centenarians are enjoying remarkably long, full lives. Specifically, Dan shares the pillars of all longevity diets in the world and how Americans can apply this information to their own diets..Dan Buettner is an explorer, National Geographic Fellow, award-winning journalist andproducer, and New York Times bestselling author. He discovered the five places in the world –dubbed Blue Zones – where people live the longest, healthiest lives. Buettner now works in partnership with municipal governments, large employers, and health insurance companies to implement Blue Zones Projects in communities, workplaces, and universities. Blue Zones Projects are well-being initiatives that apply lessons from the BlueZones to entire communities by focusing on changes to the local environment, public policy, and social networks. The program has dramatically improved the health of more than 5 million Americans to date. Buettner also holds three Guinness World Records in distance cycling.Listen to Dr. Hyman’s full-length conversation with Dan Buettner https://drmarkhyman.lnk.to/DanBuettner | Think about how different our medical system would be if all doctors were required to have an extreme health crisis before practicing medicine. It’s through those toughest times with our own health that many of us turn to Functional Medicine, as we realize conventional care isn’t getting us what we need. But sometimes, being so involved in treating others’ diseases makes it difficult for doctors to even see our own symptoms for what they really are. This week’s guest on The Doctor’s Farmacy, Dr. Cynthia Li, is here to share her personal journey through autoimmunity and realizing her symptoms had deeper meaning.Dr. Li received her medical degree from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. She’s practiced as an internist in many settings, including Kaiser Permanente Medical Center, San Francisco General Hospital, and St. Anthony Medical Clinic serving the homeless. She currently has a private practice in Berkeley, CA and recently published her first book which I highly recommend, Brave New Medicine: A Doctor\'s Unconventional Path to Healing Her Autoimmune Illness.This episode of The Doctor’s Farmacy is brought to you by Thrive Market and by SomniFix.\xa0Thrive Market has made it so easy for me to stay healthy, even with my intense travel schedule. I never let myself get into a food emergency. Instead, I always carry enough food with me when I’m on the go, for at least a full day. I order real, whole foods online from Thrive Market. Right now, Thrive is offering all Doctor’s Farmacy listeners a great deal: you will receive an extra 25% off your first purchase plus a free 30-day membership to Thrive. There’s no minimum amount to buy and no code at checkout. All you have to do is head over to http://thrivemarket.com/farmacyMost of us aren’t getting our best rest. But there is actually a proven solution I’ve found for getting high-quality rest, simply by helping you breathe through your nose instead of your mouth. They’re called SomniFix Strips. Breathing through your nose has so many benefits—it protects against mouth dryness and nasal congestion, boosts oxygen saturation for enhanced focus, and helps naturally produce nitric oxide that kills bacteria and supports immunity. SomniFix is now offering all Doctor’s Farmacy listeners 15% off of your first order. Just go to somnifix.com, and use the code FARMACY at checkout. | The health of our digestive system greatly impacts the health of our whole body. This is because our gut is designed to help us digest food, absorb nutrients, keep invaders out, and even produce helpful compounds like the neurotransmitter serotonin, among so many other powerful functions. This is why the whole body will suffer when the gut is out of balance.In this mini-episode, Dr. Hyman speaks with Dr. Stanley Hazen about how the microbiome can influence disease risk and why this is an essential piece to the future of medicine. He also talks to Dr. David Perlmutter about how what we eat influences everything from our mood to our tiniest gut friends—microbes—and how well they function and fight off invaders.\xa0Dr. Stanley Hazen is both the chair of the Department of Cellular & Molecular Medicine at the Lerner Research Institute and section head of Preventive Cardiology & Rehabilitation at the Heart and Vascular Institute of the Cleveland Clinic. He’s published more than 400 peer-reviewed articles and has over 50 patents from his pioneering discoveries in atherosclerosis and inflammatory disease. Dr. Hazen made the seminal discovery linking microbial pathways to the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease.Dr. David Perlmutter is a board-certified neurologist and four-time New York Times best selling author. He serves on the Board of Directors and is a Fellow of the American College of Nutrition and as a member of the Editorial Board for the Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease. His books include the #1 New York Times bestseller, “Grain Brain,” “The Surprising Truth About Wheat,” “Carbs and Sugar,” with over 1 million copies in print. He is the editor of the upcoming collection, “The Microbiome and the Brain,” that will be authored by top experts in the field and will be published in 2019 by CRC Press. Dr. Perlmutter’s new book, “Brain Wash,” co-written with Austin Perlmutter, MD, will be published in January 2020.Listen to Dr. Hyman’s full length conversation with Dr. Hazenhttps://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/DrStanleyHazenListen to Dr. Hyman’s full length conversation with Dr. Perlmutter:https://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/DrDavidPerlmutter | Soil is the most important answer to climate change, and also one of the most underappreciated. Without soil, we have no food, and I don’t think I need to elaborate on how catastrophic that would be. The positive news is that we can work on our soil integrity right now to preserve it for many future generations to come—you might be surprised that using regeneratively raised cattle is part of that solution. There is still hope for our children and grandchildren to inherit a balanced and beautiful planet with abundant food production.\xa0Because we rely on soil for food production, big companies are starting to pay attention to the work that needs to be done to preserve it. My guest on this week’s episode of The Doctor’s Farmacy, Tom Newmark, is helping them understand what they can do and how to get involved in saving our soils. Tom was CEO of the dietary supplement brand New Chapter, which was acquired by Proctor & Gamble about seven years ago. Since that time Tom has focused on environmental activism with specific attention on regenerative agriculture. He is the co-owner of Finca Luna Nueva Lodge, an organic and biodynamic farm and ecolodge in the mountainous rainforest of Costa Rica that teaches regenerative agriculture. Tom is the co-founder and board chair of The Carbon Underground, co-founder of the Soil Carbon Initiative, and a founding member of the Regenerative Agriculture Initiative of California State University – Chico.This episode of The Doctor’s Farmacy is brought to you by ButcherBox. Now through September 29, 2019, new subscribers to ButcherBox will receive ground beef for life. When you sign up today, ButcherBox will send you 2lbs of 100% pasture-raised grass-fed, grass finished beef free in every box for the life of your subscription. Plus listeners will get an additional $20 off their first box. All you have to do is head over to ButcherBox.com/farmacy | As a society, we have been brainwashed into thinking that cooking real food costs too much, is too hard, and takes too long. Fast food manufacturers and grocers lure us into convenient, heavily processed meals that take a toll on our health and our wallet. In this mini-episode, Dr. Hyman speaks with Marco Canora and Ocean Robbins about reframing our relationship to cooking and how it can save us time and money, improve our health, and even combat food waste.As a chef, restaurateur, and cookbook author, Marco Canora promotes delicious, simple, and healthful food. In 2003, he opened Hearth in Manhattan, which has a positive two-star review from The New York Times and a prestigious “Outstanding Restaurant" nomination from the James Beard Foundation. In 2017 Marco won the James Beard Foundation award for Best Chef NYC. Marco is also the founder of Brodo, a popular to-go window serving coffee cups of hot, nourishing bone broths.\xa0Ocean Robbins is the author of 31-Day Food Revolution: Heal Your Body, Feel Great, & Transform Your World. He serves as CEO and co-founder of the Food Revolution Network—one of the largest communities of healthy eating advocates on the planet, with more than 500,000 members.Listen to Dr. Hyman’s full-length conversation with Marco Canora: https://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/MarcoCanoraListen to Dr. Hyman’s full-length conversation with Ocean Robbins: https://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/OceanRobbins | Trauma comes in many forms, and it’s something we’re all going to face at one point or another. Though it might seem in the moment that we should push away negative feelings and pretend everything is fine, true healing can’t happen unless we open ourselves to our traumatic experiences and work through them. Despite what many of us in search of help have been told, this doesn’t necessarily need to involve years of therapy or countless medications—we already have tools existing within each of us to work through the emotional, mental, and physical effects of trauma and feel happier and healthier. I think you’ll be surprised just how accessible some of these solutions are.\xa0This week on The Doctor’s Farmacy, I’m joined by Dr. Jim Gordon to take a further look into healing trauma. He is one of the most extraordinary men I\'ve ever met and I’ve been lucky to call him a friend for 20 years. Dr. Gordon is the author of The Transformation: Discovering Wholeness and Healing After Trauma and is a Harvard educated psychiatrist and a world-renowned expert in using mind-body medicine to heal depression, anxiety, and psychological trauma. He has worked with traumatized children and families in Bosnia, Gaza, Haiti, post-9/11 New York, and Parkland, among many other areas across the world facing tragedy and trauma. Dr. Gordon also works with veterans and active-duty military to address PTSD.This episode of The Doctor’s Farmacy is brought to you by Thrive Market. Thrive Market has made it so easy for me to stay healthy, even with my intense travel schedule. I never let myself get into a food emergency. Instead, I always carry enough food with me when I’m on the go, for at least a full day. I order real, whole foods online from Thrive Market.Right now, Thrive is offering all Doctor’s Farmacy listeners a great deal: you will receive an extra 25% off your first purchase plus a free 30-day membership to Thrive. There’s no minimum amount to buy and no code at checkout. All you have to do is head over to http://thrivemarket.com/farmacy | Among the major superpowers of our stem cells is their ability to self renew. Stem cells can also sense damaged cells and tissues and send signals that promote self-healing. In this mini-episode, Dr. Hyman speaks with Dr. William Li about the things that both enhance, and impair, our body’s regenerative abilities, including our diet. Dr. Li shares information on which foods have been scientifically proven to activate our body’s stem cells.William Li, MD, is a world-renowned physician, scientist, speaker, and author of Eat to Beat Disease: The New Science of How Your Body Can Heal Itself. He is best known for leading the Angiogenesis Foundation. His groundbreaking work has impacted more than 70 diseases including cancer, diabetes, blindness, heart disease, and obesity. His TED Talk, “Can We Eat to Starve Cancer?” has garnered more than 11 million views. An author of over 100 scientific publications in leading journals such as Science, the New England Journal of Medicine, The Lancet, and more, Dr. Li has served on the faculties of Harvard, Tufts, and Dartmouth Medical School.Listen to Dr. Hyman’s full-length conversation with Dr. Li: https://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/DrLi | Age is not the definitive factor it’s made out to be when it comes to our health. We can use our age as a baseline for tracking our health and longevity, but it isn’t stagnant. For example, certain types of testing can help us compare our biological age to our calendar age in order to tinker with our wellness routine and achieve the milestones we’re after. With the right steps, we can slow down and even sometimes reverse the aging process.When it comes to our biological age, or the measure of how well our body is actually functioning for whatever life stage we are in, there are many things that impact it. Diet, lifestyle patterns like exercise and sleep, and stress are all involved in forming our biological age, along with many other factors like blood sugar, inflammation, and genetics. This week on The Doctor’s Farmacy, I’m joined by Dr. David Sinclair to explore the topic of longevity and anti-aging and how he reduced his own internal age by more than 20 years. Dr. Sinclair is a professor in the Department of Genetics and co-director of the Paul F. Glenn Center for the Biology of Aging at Harvard Medical School, where he and his colleagues study longevity, aging, and how to slow its effects.\xa0This episode of The Doctor’s Farmacy is brought to you by ButcherBox. Now through September 29, 2019, new subscribers to ButcherBox will receive ground beef for life. When you sign up today, ButcherBox will send you 2lbs of 100% pasture-raised grass-fed, grass finished beef free in every box for the life of your subscription. Plus listeners will get an additional $20 off their first box. All you have to do is head over to ButcherBox.com/farmacy | While we are in an incredibly exciting time when it comes to preventing and reversing disease, issues such as misleading scientific research, imperfect policy, corporate financial interests, and other biases often act as roadblocks to enhancing the health of our population and our planet. Yet, when we recently reflected on a number of conversations from The Doctor’s Farmacy, we couldn’t help but hear a common and hopeful message. In this mini-episode, we revisit four conversations Dr. Hyman has had with guests on this podcast, each with a common refrain: Progress is being made and it’s happening fast!\xa0Michael Pollan is the author of the New York Times bestsellers Cooked, Food Rules, In Defense of Food, The Omnivore’s Dilemma, The Botany of Desire, and his latest book How to Change Your Mind, which is all about the new science of psychedelics. A longtime contributor to the New York Times Magazine, he also teaches writing at Harvard and the University of California, Berkeley where he is the John S. and James L. Knight Professor of Science Journalism. In 2010, Time magazine named him one of the one hundred most influential people in the world.Dr. Hallberg is a Medical Director at Virta Health and a Fellow of the Aspen Institute’s Health Innovator Fellowship and a member of the Aspen Global Leadership Network. She is also the Medical Director and founder of the Medically Supervised Weight Loss Program at Indiana University Health Arnett and an adjunct Professor of Clinical Medicine at the Indiana University School of Medicine. Dr. Hallberg is serving as Chair of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Scientific Advisory Council for The Nutrition Coalition. Dr. Hallberg is a diplomate of the American Board of Internal Medicine, American Board of Obesity Medicine, and The American Board of Clinical Lipidology and is a Registered Exercise Physiologist by the ACSM. She is also a Fellow of the Obesity Medicine Association and The National Lipid Association.David Wallace-Wells is the deputy editor of New York magazine and the author of the international bestseller The Uninhabitable Earth: Life After Warming, published in February 2019, which the New York Times called both “brilliant” and “the most terrifying book I have ever read.”Dr. Sonia Angell is a former Deputy Commissioner at the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH), where she oversaw the Division of Prevention and Primary Care. Dr. Angell is a practicing physician, board certified in internal medicine, and on faculty at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.Tune into Dr. Hyman’s full length conversation with Michael Pollan: https://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/MichaelPollanTune into Dr. Hyman’s full length conversation with Dr. Sarah Hallberg: https://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/DrSarahHallbergTune into Dr. Hyman’s full length conversation with David Wallace-Wells: https://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/DavidWallaceWellsTune into Dr. Hyman’s full length conversation with Dr. Sonia Angell: https://DrMarkHyman.lnk.to/DrSoniaAngell | The gut and brain are strongly interconnected. That’s why in Functional Medicine we always take the gut into account, along with the rest of the body, when trying to understand a brain disease. Unfortunately, conventional medicine likes to look at each part of the body separately, which may be why doctors have a hard time effectively treating neurological diseases like Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, and ALS. Knowing that the gut affects the brain and understanding the far-reaching role of the microbiome has led this week’s guest on The Doctor’s Farmacy to approach neurodegenerative conditions with a whole new perspective.\xa0Dr. Jay Lombard is an internationally acclaimed neurologist, author, and keynote speaker specializing in neuroimmunological conditions and medical mysteries. Dr. Lombard integrates biological, psychological, and existential components in his holistic treatment approach. Dr. Lombard’s clinical experience revealed an interesting pattern: one patient with ALS also had small intestine bacterial overgrowth, then another who had ulcerative colitis, another had Crohn’s, and so on. He started seeing the connection between these bacterial imbalances and Clostridium difficile, or C. diff, and the link to neurological symptoms.\xa0This episode of The Doctor’s Farmacy\xa0is brought to you by Thrive Market. Thrive Market\xa0has made it so easy for me to stay healthy, even with my intense travel schedule. I never let myself get into a food emergency. Instead, I always carry enough food with me when I’m on the go, for at least a full day. I order real, whole foods online from Thrive Market.Right now, Thrive is offering all Doctor’s Farmacy listeners a great deal: you will receive an extra 25% off your first purchase plus a free 30 day membership to Thrive. There’s no minimum amount to buy and no code at checkout. All you have to do is head over to http://thrivemarket.com/farmacy', 'chan_desc': "We are seeing an ever-increasing burden of chronic disease, primarily driven by our food and food system. This is perpetuated by agricultural, food and health care policies that don’t support health. We need to rethink disease and reimagine a food system and a health care system the protects health, unburdens the economy from the weight of obesity and chronic disease, protects the environment, helps reverse climate change and creates a nation of healthy children and citizens. This podcast is a place for deep conversations about the critical issues of our time in the space of health, wellness, food and politics. New episodes are released every Wednesday morning. I hope you'll join me.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/2a/17/77/2a177756-978e-9c42-cb38-03119d5c9be8/mza_565925818503892614.jpeg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-05-08'}}

{'Essentially You: Empowering You On Your Health & Wellness Journey With Safe, Natural & Effective Solutions': {'title': 'Essentially You: Empowering You On Your Health & Wellness Journey With Safe, Natural & Effective Solutions', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Essentially-You%3A-Empowering-You-On-Your-Health-%26-Wellness-Journey-With-Safe%2C-Natural-%26-Effective-Solutions-id1210004', 'num_comments': 5, 'author': 'Dr. Mariza Snyder', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 981, 'play_count': 31372, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.drmariza.com/'], 'ep_total': 132, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:43:56', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:42:07', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:44:11', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:49:39', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:44:56', 1], ['2019-09-17', '00:41:17', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:51:15', 1], ['2019-09-10', '00:48:01', 1], ['2019-09-06', '00:50:27', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:35:58', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "What we're talking about in this episode  Things you can do on a daily basis to create the beautiful life you desire Why you need to embrace being the manager of your own mood for better results The importance of making space for dreaming and how to make your dreams come true Overcoming the cultural messages of your 40’s, 50’s and 60’s in order to thrive How to turn your life around by putting intention and purpose into your relationships  \xa0 Episode Summary After almost 21 years as the executive producer of the Oprah Winfrey Show and co-president of Harpo Studios and the Oprah Winfrey Network, Sheri Salata realized that she had created the career of her dreams, but didn't have the life of her dreams. This inspired Sheri to forge a new path for herself and redefine ‘the middle of life’ to create the dream life she wanted for herself. Sheri’s new book, The Beautiful No, is so powerful that you will want to gift it to every important woman in your life. An epic talk about life lessons and creating your dreams at any age, Sheri is reimagining life in the middle and thriving because of it.\xa0 When you are able to commit to your own version of radical self-care, gain clarity on what is serving you on your journey, and make room for the things in your life that make you feel good, you can turn your negativity ship around and manifest what is supposed to be happening for you in this life.\xa0 If you are stuck feeling blue, lonely or not totally in love with your life, Sheri is here to ask you, if not now, when? By making dreaming a part of your daily practice you can harness its power as a quantum act and serve yourself through the constant and deliberate act of going after what you want in life and not settling for anything less.\xa0 Are you ready to make happiness your compass and open the door for all that is possible in your life? Share how you relate to or are inspired by Sheri’s story in the\xa0comments section on the episode page. \xa0 Quotes “Who you let into your life and what kind of conversations and intentions you share is serious business.” (12:45) “Everything begins with words and language, and being able to begin with ‘I am not there yet but I am willing to try’, just the smallest thing, I'm willing to see this differently, I'm willing to grab onto some piece of hope so that I can begin to do some serious dreaming about what I want for the rest of my life.” (15:40) “My dream work is to keep noticing how dreamy my life is and how dreamy it is becoming. Because the more I do that, I end up to to be like sticky paper where things are just happening and flying in.” (19:18) “A mood is not something that happens to us, it is the result of our thinking, our speech, the content and the information that we let into our lives, that's what creates our moods.” (26:57) “No need to have catastrophe and disaster and depression and depletion, be your inspiration. Just really decide, look for the models of well being, and decide that you want some of that too.” (37:07) \xa0 Resources Mentioned The Beautiful No by Sheri Salata The Sheri + Nancy Show EY 048: Sheri Salata \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  Understanding the direct relationship between your vital force and optimism\xa0 Free and simple practices that you can do to clear your head and bring in focus The importance of making a conscious effort to improve your mental hygiene Learn the difference between acceptance and resistance when you are thriving in life Discover the connection between the brain, central nervous system, and gut microbiome  \xa0 Episode Summary Rajshree Patel was a federal prosecutor who happened upon the ancient wisdom of India by total accident. What happened after this discovery changed her life forever, and the wisdom she has gained has helped hundreds of thousands of people increase their energy, happiness, and efficiency.\xa0 If you are looking to increase your energetic capacity, stop dreading the day from the moment you wake up, get more restful sleep or just look at life with a new perspective, Rajshree’s new book, The Power of Vital Force, is the manual you need. By identifying what is working and what is not working in your personal and professional life, you can implement tiny habits with huge results. Optimism is something that anyone can achieve through simple techniques that are already right under your nose. When you are able to fully embrace yourself and wake up every day with the morning miracle, you can manage your day differently, become more efficient and lean into life instead of resisting it.\xa0 The life long lessons of shifting your mindset, proper breathing techniques, and mental hygiene can help you increase your energy and live in a flow state. Instead of thinking about the life that you want, leap into action and take what the universe knows you deserve. Are you ready to embrace the power of vital force and create a framework to help you live the life you desire? Share how breathwork and optimism play a role in your daily life in the comments section on the episode page. \xa0 Quotes “Because of that hand of the Universe or ‘mistake’, I ended up suddenly being exposed to the inner world of mind and emotion and human potentiality so that we could live our best self.” (10:56) “Just like our body, our mind and our emotions, just like our spirit also, run on what we call vital force. This innate source of energy and intelligence that we are born with.” (14:46) “Physiologically, breathing is the number one way to bring in vital force.” (24:42) “If you do these 5 pauses, I am sure you will discover an enormous shift in your outlook, your perception, your mindset, and your energy. It just makes you more optimistic and positive.” (25:50) “Everything is energy, everything requires energy, and the more life we want the more energy we need.” (35:36) \xa0 Resources Mentioned Rajshree Patel Website Register for the Essential Oil Hormone Summit Here \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  Steps you can take to get to the place of honoring and nourishing yourself How to manifest success for yourself by increasing your vibration frequency\xa0 The life-changing power of meditation and adopting an attitude of gratitude Why you should start your day by reading, reviewing and manifesting your goals Tools to clear out your inner mean girl and build up the life that you want to create  \xa0 Episode Summary Close your eyes and imagine what could be possible if you were able to turn off your inner critic, believe that you are good enough, and manifest the life that you want for yourself. This is exactly what Melissa Ambrosini did after multiple health challenges left her feeling lost, confused and without hope. Now, a best selling author, speaker, entrepreneur and spiritual teacher, Melissa is a self-help guru who is here to share the many relatable parallels of her story to let you know that you are not alone.\xa0 Melissa is proof that if you are able to get healthy and happy again you can live a life beyond your wildest dreams. Melissa was able to embrace a new way of life by cleaning up her nutrition and thoughts and clearing out the toxicity in every area of her life. Today Melissa is here to provide tangible examples of daily inspired actions that you can do to manifest your goals, clear out your inner mean girl and build up the life that you want to create. If you want to become a magnet for the goodness in life you need to walk towards the things that make you feel strong and give up the things, people and places that make you feel less than. By finding your non-negotiables, tuning out your inner mean girl and getting clear on what you want, you can create the life you have always wanted for yourself.\xa0 What were the top key takeaways that resonated with you in this episode? Share with us in the comments on the episode page. \xa0 Quotes “I didn't know what that voice was at the time, no idea. I now know it was my intuition because I didn’t know what intuition was back then. But I now know it was that voice that said that, and I just decided to follow that voice.” (10:55) “The thoughts that you think are even more powerful than what you put into your body.” (11:48) “I feel like the definition of insanity, as well, is knowing something that doesn't make you feel good and still walking toward it. It's like why would you do that? That's like banging your head against a brick wall.” (25:45) “There is something that you can do every day that is going to get you one inch closer towards your dreams and your goals.” (33:26) “We just don't know, we have no idea what is around the corner. So you may as well have a really good time here in Earth school, and you may as well go after those dreams and master that inner mean girl and just do it! It's so much fun.” (39:05) \xa0 Resources Mentioned Open Wide by Melissa Ambrosini Mastering Your Mean Girl by Melissa Ambrosini Melissa Ambrosini Website The Melissa Ambrosini Show Follow Melissa on Instagram | Facebook Register for the EO Hormone Summit Here \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  Exposing science’s dirty little secret and how to give women informed consent What you should consider when deciding to use or get off of hormonal birth control Learn the role birth control plays in your brain functioning, hormonal balances and more Dismissing the misconceptions around birth control and how it impacts every part of you Explore the way the pill influences the brain and the development of the person that you are  \xa0 Episode Summary Usually, when we think about the birth control pill, we think about how it is impacting our reproductive hormones. But did you know that the pill also has a huge impact on your brain chemistry, behavior and ultimately how you experience the world? Dr. Sarah Hill is a leading researcher in evolutionary psychology who has become fascinated with the effects of birth control on our psychology and health.\xa0 After experiencing post-birth control syndrome first hand, Dr. Sarah realized that the pill had altered how her brain functioned and her experience as a human being. Since then Dr. Sarah has worked to understand the way the pill changes the brain and provide women context into what is going on with birth control so that they can make informed decisions about their health. On this episode we are digging into exactly how the birth control pill impacts your brain functioning, hormones, mood and outlook on life, examining why it has become commonplace for practitioners to prescribe birth control as a one-size-fits-all medical bandaid, and the potential harm that the birth control pill is having on women without them knowing it.\xa0 Hormonal birth control can influence everything from your zest and vibrancy for life, to who you are attracted to and your likelihood of depression or suicide. It is important for you to equip yourself with the knowledge you need to make a decision that is right for you and your health. Your brain, decisions, stress, and behavior are all impacted by the messages you are sending them, and birth control is a key message that you do not want to overlook.\xa0 Have you experienced a shift in your personality, motivation or overall outlook on life pre or post-birth control? Share your experience with the pill with us in the comments on the episode page. \xa0 Quotes “It just all of a sudden hit me like a lightning bolt. The pill changes everything because it changes what the brain does.” (12:43) “Something like the birth control pill doesn't seem like a big deal because we only think about hormones in terms of how they influence things like endometrial lining proliferation or something like that. Without thinking about this as something that plays a key role in what my brain is doing in creating the experience of being me.” (15:45) “We need to be given the full picture of what the pill does to our bodies from head to toe, and especially our brain if we are going to be making informed decisions about our health.” (24:42) “I wish doctors and medical research would understand how important fertility regulation is to us because we do these things even though it's not good for us because of the fear.” (37:02) “If we are going to be making informed decisions about our health, we need to know what it is that our body is going to be doing, and who we are going to be. Because it changes what our brain is doing, and it changes who we are.” (43:46) \xa0 Resources Mentioned Dr. Sarah Hill Website This Is Your Brain on Birth Control by Dr. Sarah Hill Follow Dr. Sarah on Facebook | Instagram | Twitter EY 60: Dr. Jolene Brighten EY 93: Dr. Lisa Hendrickson-Jack Register for the EO Hormone Summit Here \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  Examining the conversation around the taxation and profitability of menstrual products Tips to get more involved in advocacy and how to commit to policy change Ways that you can get your legislators talking about the economics of menstruation How to embrace the political aspect of periods and remove the stigma Exploring the lack of access to menstruation products in America and on a global scale  \xa0 Episode Summary Did you know that there are women in the US right now who cannot afford or gain access to menstrual supplies? The passion to bring awareness to menstrual product accessibility for women and girls all over the world is one I share with today's guest, Jennifer Weiss-Wolf. A gender, politics and menstruation advocate, attorney and the architect of the US campaign to squash the tampon tax, Jennifer is taking her dedication and expertise to the policies and laws that we live our lives by.\xa0 Over a dozen states have taken action towards menstrual accessibility in the past four years since Jennifer started working on this issue, and 32 have taken steps to eliminate the tampon tax. Jennifer is moving the needle in policy and actually moving lawmakers to action through vocabulary, framework, tools, and most importantly, support from women like you.\xa0 Jennifer works to open up the conversation around the lack of access to menstrual products in the United States, and wants to ensure that menstruating does not pose an obstacle in people's lives regardless of their age, race, or social status. By putting the issues around menstruation in front of legislators in a way they can understand, Jennifer expresses her civic duty to get everyone fully engaged in the conversation.\xa0 It is time to change how menstruation exists in our public spheres and change the policy our government creates in order to accomplish global and locally appropriate solutions. Our current policies and laws do not reflect our wellbeing or our reality, and it is only through becoming involved in advocacy that you can be more represented in your legal structures and in turn push the issues you believe in into the limelight.\xa0 How do you work to normalize the discussion around menstruation and impact systemic change? Share how you feel about removing the stigma around periods in the comments on the episode page. \xa0 Quotes “I really sort of turned my attention to where my interest lied and where my skills could be most useful, and that was really in thinking about how we change the policies and laws by which we live to better reflect and represent all of us.” (12:33) “It's not just a few unfortunates who can't afford these products, its that our entire systems are actually built and structured to not ensure equality and to not ensure equal opportunity for those who need it the most.” (16:16) “If anything about menstruation, access to products, access to safe products or otherwise, inhibited or kept people from doing so, well then it was our obligation to right that wrong.” (22:40) “Its been sort of extraordinarily high energy and really really exciting to be previewing and going public with these arguments that we have been toiling over for the past several years.” (33:06) “For the 5 years that I have been doing this, I have to say my mind has just kind of been on fire since all of this. It's just completely opened my eyes to an entire way of thinking and advocating and communicating and existing that is so much better than the 47 that lead up to it.” (40:48) \xa0 Resources Mentioned Periods Gone Public by Jennifer Weiss-Wolf Follow Jennifer on Twitter Tax Free. Period. Website Period Equity Website Days for Girls Website \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  Things that you should consider before you resort to plastic surgery\xa0 How to nourish your skin properly and set your skin up for success\xa0 What you can do internally at home to create beautiful skin externally\xa0 Tips when getting ready for surgery to get the best results possible\xa0 Recognizing the higher power that is at play in modern medicine  \xa0 Episode Summary Do you want to look younger but want to avoid going under the knife? Dr. Tony Youn is known as America’s holistic plastic surgeon and is one of the most respected and recognized board plastic surgeons in the country. Dr. Youn wants to empower you to look younger with or without surgery through a holistic approach to youth and vitality. If you are looking for non-invasive options or want to reverse the signs of aging and look 10 years younger without surgery, this is the episode for you. Dr. Youn is lifting the veil and giving us a peek into life as a surgeon in the world of modern medicine and giving us the real truth behind plastic surgery.\xa0 Learn which products really work, how to build a skincare regime that delivers dramatic results, and the one major thing you can do to slow down your aging and look younger. Plus, gain home remedies and stories for the surgery table to better understand the journey of a surgeon in today’s complex world of medicine.\xa0 Dr. Youn embraces the higher power that can play a dramatic role in surgery and provides a refreshingly holistic approach to surgery and regaining your youth. Are you ready to learn the real truth about plastic surgery? Share your anti-aging tips with us in the comments on the episode page! \xa0 Quotes “In the end, what it comes down to is doing whatever is right for our patient.” (10:17) “What I want to do is shine a light on the true journey, and kind of lift the veil on what it is really like to become a surgeon in today's world of modern medicine, which is quite a bit of the wild west I must tell ya.” (12:15) “What we are finding is that by combining intermittent fasting with when you do eat a good healthy, clean diet, that you can really get some major impacts on anti-aging. And that really is the frontier right now.” (21:18) “It's not about how busy my practice is, it's not about how good of a surgeon I am or what the result is, but sometimes all it really takes is holding somebody's hand and telling her it is going to be okay. And that sometimes is the true essence of medicine.” (30:44) “There is so much that you can do, but it really does start with all the advice you give about diet, about cleaning up your environment, cause that's really what starts the whole process to true health and true beauty because it is all holistic in the end.” (38:04) \xa0 Resources Mentioned Dr. Tony Youn Website The Holistic Plastic Surgery Show Playing God: The Evolution of a Modern Surgeon by Dr. Anthony Youn The Age Fix with Dr. Anthony Youn Follow Dr. Youn on Facebook | Instagram Michael Todd Beauty Sonicsmooth \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  The secrets to building a high energy body naturally\xa0 Practical strategies to gain a handle on your chronic fatigue\xa0 Understanding what adrenal fatigue is and how it is misrepresented Exploring the role conventional medicine plays in the treatment of fatigue Getting to the root cause of your fatigue through mitochondrial support and efficiency  \xa0 Episode Summary After over a year of researching adrenal fatigue and the science of how our body makes energy, Ari Whitten has come to a few revolutionary conclusions. First, while adrenal fatigue may not be real, your symptoms are. And it is important to get to the root cause of what is impacting your cortisol levels, even if it is not what you thought it was.\xa0 The creator of The Energy Blueprint, Ari has dedicated his life to studying the production of energy and helping educate others to optimize their mitochondrial function. An expert in chronic fatigue, mitochondrial function, detoxification and metabolism, Ari is here to paint a cohesive picture of what is going on inside the cells that are causing you to feel fatigued, and what you can do to stop and even reverse it.\xa0 If you are accustomed to burnout and think you just need to deal with it, Ari provides tips to tell you how you can overcome your fatigue and increase your energy levels naturally and sustainably. Energy is everything, and what is driving your energy is driving your cellular function, so it is crucial that you know what is going on.\xa0 When you connect the dots between adrenal fatigue, cortisol levels, misrepresentation, and unique symptoms, you can start to piece together a picture of your unique optimal functioning. Symptoms, cortisol levels, and hormonal imbalances can be tough to navigate, but with Ari’s simple Energy Blueprint you can enable your mitochondria to become more resilient and set yourself up for success. How does your level of energy change throughout the day? Have you considered looking at the root of your symptoms instead of just covering it up with the bandaid of adrenal fatigue? Share your experience with us in the comments on the episode page. \xa0 Quotes “Fundamentally, conventional medicine is looking at sickness and sort of trying to study sickness as a path to health. And you don't get healthy by trying to undo sickness.” (12:57) “I basically just decided, you know what, I am going to do the most comprehensive review of the scientific literature on this topic that has ever been done, and then I am just going to communicate the objective facts of those findings.” (22:23) “There is absolutely, in this whole body of evidence, there is no real indication of any burnout of the adrenal glands or any actual inability to produce cortisol.” (26:06) “Fatigue is actually an intelligent symptom, it's adaptive, it’s part of our body's healing response. It becomes pathological when it's chronic, but it's important to understand fatigue as your body being stuck in a mode where it feels not safe enough to be in peacetime metabolism and energy production mode.” (35:38) “Most people know melatonin as a sleep hormone, but here is what they don't know. Melatonin is the most potent protector of your mitochondria in existence, it is the most powerful mitochondrial antioxidant known to man.” (44:51) \xa0 Resources Mentioned The Energy Blueprint The Energy Blueprint Podcast The Energy Blueprint Free Masterclass \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  The role personal responsibility plays in the self-care you do every day Tips to build daily healthy exercise and diet habits at home in 30 days How to use ‘flawsome’ and give yourself the grace to be less than perfect Ways to tune into your body and use resistance as your greatest teacher Doing a little something instead of all or nothing to find greater success  \xa0 Episode Summary The all or nothing mentality that so many of us have towards life and fitness is not healthy. This mentality is something that Bree Argetsinger, or The Betty Rocker, gave up subscribing to years ago. After living her life striving to look like the models she saw in magazines, she had an awakening when she started to feed her body with natural foods instead of fake ones and put self-growth over appearance.\xa0 Since the creation of The Betty Rocker over 2 million people have participated in The Betty Rocker Make Your Fat Cry Bootcamp, which has completely transformed countless peoples, including yours truly, mindset towards wanting to be strong and nourished. A refreshing take on fitness embodying grace and ease, Bree is here to inspire you to take action and start respecting your body enough to take care of it.\xa0 If you are striving to take that crazy pressure of needing to be perfect away but feel like you cant, want to increase your movement and longevity, and change your fitness habits for the better, Bree’s message of self-care and self-love is the breath of fresh air you have been looking for.\xa0 The piece you often don’t know you need is the mental piece, and the real secret to consistency is to do a little something. Are you ready to stop blocking your own goals and start doing the work for the things that matter to you? Share what inspired you most about Bree’s uplifting perspective in the comments on the episode page! \xa0 Quotes “You know you are up so close to things but you still think you can cheat the system. You think well ‘I see the way these models look and I’m going to do what they’re doing because they look happy, they look beautiful, they're getting the validation’. And I was sold on a system that doesn't really exist. It's fake.” (9:33) “When you start to think about your body as your friends, and all of these amazing cells in your body, all of them are dedicated to the purpose of you every single day. You start to just recognize your own responsibility in loving and caring for this amazing body that you have.” (14:55) “I really think that the things that make us ‘ugly’, whatever our greatest wounds are, they are also our greatest gifts, they are the things that make us unique, and they are also the things that make you special.” (21:04) “We take the knowledge that we have and filter it through our own personal filter and thinking system, and we want to deliver it in a way that really meets someone where they are at at this moment, and create space for them to expand within it.” (31:54) “No matter where we are, we are shaped by the things that have come before us. And some of those things are negative, and some of those things are positive, but using the sort of method that I just described, you can take the best things from all of which you have been given, all of which you have experienced, and you are the creator of your own life.” (39:12) \xa0 Resources Mentioned Free 30-Day Make Fat Cry Challenge The Betty Rocker Website The Betty Rocker Blog Follow The Betty Rocker on Instagram EY 100: Dr. Mariza \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  Going on the journey to rediscover your true calling How stress and trauma can have a huge effect on people’s health The body’s ability to balance its natural lifeforce when it needs to heal The difference between situational trauma and developmental traumas and why the distinction matters How to listen to and trust the various parts of your inner-self What it takes to clear the trauma in your system so that the body can heal itself  \xa0 Episode Summary Each and every one of us is dealing with trauma. When trauma, no matter how severe, is left unattended it can spiral into all kinds of illness. Dr. Lissa Rankin has studied this connection from many different perspectives and understands how to address it to regain control over your health. Dr. Lissa Rankin is a New York Times best-selling author, a speaker, physician, mystic, creator of The Daily Flame, and founder of the Whole Health Medicine Institute. Passionate about what makes people optimally healthy and what predisposes them to illness, she discovered that connecting with your “Inner Pilot Light” is essential to optimal health, making your body ripe for miracles. Lissa takes us on her incredible journey into integrative medicine which combines her passions for science and spirituality. She has made it her mission to study and explore how trauma-induced stress makes us sick and how to heal from it. To that end, Lissa describes how our bodies’ natural ability to heal takes place when we address the underlying trauma that we’ve experienced and listen to all various inner-parts of ourselves that need to be heard in order to thrive. Have you taken steps to clear the trauma in your system? Let’s talk about it in the comments on the episode page. \xa0 Quotes “Twelve years of learning to follow my inner pilot light has completely reorganized my entire life and my entire world-view.” [10:00] “More than ninety percent of doctor visits are related to stress and yet we’re not talking about where the stress comes from and most of it comes from trauma.” [12:58] “As long as the lifeforce is moving in the body, then the body’s wisdom or natural intelligence will know how to distribute that lifeforce to heal whatever might be getting out of whack.” [17:42] “I think we’re in the process of turning medicine upside down.” [44:51] \xa0 Resources Mentioned Find Dr. Lissa Rankin online at Inner Pilot Whole Health Medicine Institute The Anatomy of a Calling by Dr. Lissa Rankin MindBodyGreen Summit 2019 IFS Annual Conference Center for Self Leadership, IFS Advanced Integrative Therapy Institute, AIT Radical Remission by Kelly A. Turner, Ph.D. “IFS is A Game-Changer For Medicine, Psychiatry, & The Spiritual Path” by Dr. Lissa Rankin “Greater than the Sum of Our Parts” \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube | What we're talking about in this episode  Why adrenal issues are often misdiagnosed and the unfortunate consequences of this How our modern life wreaks havoc on our body’s natural stress response systems The origins and consequences of the adrenal fatigue myth The reasons why cortisol can be decreased in the body through cortisol resistance The four most common triggers of HPA axis dysfunction and how to respond to them Why perceived stress is a big deal and practical ways to cope with it  \xa0 Episode Summary If you’ve ever felt so exhausted that simply functioning seems like an impossibility you may be suffering from adrenal fatigue. That’s what I was diagnosed with a decade ago. Our adrenals are hormones produced in a set of glands near our kidneys. But here’s the deal, chronic fatigue doesn’t actually start there - it begins up in our limbic, or survival, brain. For those of you who’ve struggled with this type of chronic fatigue, today’s episode might just change your life. I’m taking a deep dive into the myths surrounding adrenal fatigue. I explain what it really is and what’s going on that makes you feel so tired all the time, and how you can heal from all the burnout.\xa0 Today I’m speaking from both personal and professional experience to explain what is known, not known, and incorrectly assumed about adrenal systems and adrenal fatigue. I discuss what triggers many of the common problems of cortisol imbalance and what you can do about it. You’re going to walk away from this episode with the knowledge to be more empowered about taking control of your energy. Do you have any systems to help cope with the stress and fatigue in your life? Let’s talk about it in the comments on the episode page! \xa0 Quotes “Without knowing what’s really going on we can’t actually focus on the appropriate area of concern in the body. If your adrenals are incorrectly getting blamed, then they are unfortunately getting misdiagnosed and could potentially be treated in some cases which could lead to bigger issues.” [5:07] “What we know now is that adrenal function isn’t actually impaired at all. It’s that our body and brain are regulating the cortisol response system based on how much stress we’re dealing with.” [15:16] “On any given day we can be triggered by perceived stress fifty plus times. Yikes! That’s a lot of stressors hitting our body on a constant daily basis.” [19:43] “Perceived stress is the one thing that we can really get control over and it’s also the one thing that when we don’t have control over can lead to a lot of gasoline on the inflammatory fire.” [24:53] \xa0 Resources Mentioned Top 10 Energy-Boosting Remedies The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Snyder Episode 120 with Dr. Carrie Jones Precision Analytical DUTCH Hormone Test The Role of Stress and the HPA Axis in Chronic Disease Management by Thomas G. Guilliams Ph.D. 14-Day Hormone Detox Episode 52: The #1 PRECURSOR TO HORMONE CHAOS \xa0 Other Resources: The Essential Oils Hormone Solution by Dr. Mariza Check out the full show notes page Keep up with everything Dr. Mariza Follow Dr. Mariza on\xa0Facebook\xa0|\xa0Instagram\xa0|\xa0Twitter\xa0|\xa0Youtube", 'chan_desc': "Essentially You is all about reinventing your health with safer, more effective natural solutions and powerful lifestyle changes so you can become the CEO of your health.  Host Dr. Mariza Snyder provides you with natural remedies, protocols, and effective solutions for women, both from her own knowledge and expertise on the topic, as well as through conversations with many of the leading health practitioners, researchers and experts today. These episodes will leave you feeling empowered to become the CEO of your health and make educated decisions about you and your family's physical and emotional wellbeing.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/f5/4c/ea/f54ceaa6-3868-05a6-321a-d3809a6b7a45/mza_1901983358533354874.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-03-20'}}

{'Fundamental Health with Paul Saladino, MD': {'title': 'Fundamental Health with Paul Saladino, MD', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Fundamental-Health-with-Paul-Saladino%2C-MD-id2108592', 'num_comments': 7, 'author': 'Paul Saladino MD', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 884, 'play_count': 14470, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://paulsaladinomd.com'], 'ep_total': 24, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '02:19:38', 1], ['2019-09-23', '01:52:39', 2], ['2019-09-16', '01:45:46', 2], ['2019-09-10', '01:42:51', 5], ['2019-09-03', '02:18:27', 3], ['2019-08-26', '02:02:34', 8], ['2019-08-19', '01:24:37', 4], ['2019-08-13', '01:39:51', 8], ['2019-08-06', '01:32:03', 7], ['2019-07-30', '01:27:20', 8]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Christopher M. Palmer, MD, received his medical degree from Washington University School of Medicine and completed his internship and psychiatry residency at McLean Hospital, Massachusetts General Hospital, and Harvard Medical School. He is currently the director of the Department of Postgraduate and Continuing Education at McLean Hospital and an assistant professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. For over 20 years, Dr. Palmer’s clinical work has focused on treatment resistant cases. His research is on the common co-morbidities of mental disorders and metabolic disorders, such as obesity, diabetes, and heart disease. He has recently been pioneering the use of the ketogenic diet in psychiatry, especially for treatment resistant cases of mood and psychotic disorders. \xa0 Time stamps: 9:33 What is going on in the brain in regards to mental illness.(schizophrenia,anxiety,depression etc.) And why the ketogenic diet is relevant. \xa0 23:53 The root cause of mental illnesses/ trouble with current treatments. 34:34 What is driving these psychiatric illnesses.\xa0 45:30 Lactate and metabolic dysfunction. 51:49 The gut microbiome.\xa0 56:30 Antipsychotics and mitochondrial dysfunction.\xa0 1:01:00 Excess glucose and mitochondrial dysfunction.\xa0 1:05:33 How to override insulin resistance. 1:12:36 Metabolic Intervention. 1:18:32 Success stories/case studies and schizophrenia.\xa0 1:33:38 How Chris constructs a therapeutic\xa0 ketogenic diet. 1:42:30 Chris\' experiences on the ketogenic diet.\xa0 1:55:43 The possibility of a health revolution (paradigm shift). 2:08:02 Where to find Chris and his studies. 2:12:41 The most radical thing Chris has done recently.   Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 Use the code CARNIVOREMD at www.whiteoakpastures.com all month for 10% off your order! \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 Native: For 20% off your first purchase, visit nativedeodorant.com and use promo code SALADINO during checkout!  INSIDER: carnivoremd.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram: @carnivoremd Website: carnivoremd.com Twitter:@carnivoremd\xa0 Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: drpaul@carnivoremd.com | My guests this week are two of the founders of the Center for Deuterium Depletion.\xa0 T. Que Collins, PhD is co-Founder and Principal Investigator, Cignature Health Metabolic Clinic – the first clinic in the world to use deuterium and tracer technologies to describe and follow the health status of patients with metabolic disorders such as cancer, diabetes, and autoimmune disorders. A native of Australia, Dr. Anne Cooper, D.C., LAc. earned her Doctorate in Chiropractic from Cleveland Chiropractic College (Los Angeles), graduating with Honors in 1997, while on the Dean’s list and winning the Charles Gibson award for clinical excellence. Her growing commitment to total health and innovative healing therapies led her to continue on with over 20 years post doctoral experience in Functional Medicine and a Masters degree in Acupuncture and Traditional Chinese Medicine, graduating with highest honors in 2011. Early in her career, as a celebrity aesthetician, working with great beauties such as Ava Gabor, she realized that where there is beauty, there MUST be health and that health must be established on a very deep cellular level.   Time stamps: 8:45 Clinical Success Stories. 14:44 Different Stages of Cancer. 15:55 What is Deuterium ? 24:22 Where did it come from? 28:25 Prokaryotic and eukaryotic organisms. 29:10 The creation of mitochondria. 31:30 How does energy work in the body. 34:15 Metabolic water. 35:55 Metabolism\xa0 39:25 How do we get too much deuterium? 41:37 How do we take in and deplete deuterium? 43:31 Which foods are the highest in deuterium ? 44:21 How does the sun deplete deuterium? 48:10 Where do plants put deuterium? 50:45 Farming practices affecting deuterium in food. 53:00 The low deuterium diet. 56:41 How do we deplete deuterium ? 58:50 Breathing methods. 1:00:25 How do we deplete deuterium while we sleep? 1:03:20 How sleep is fixed to make for better deuterium depletion. 1:04:58 Is the carnivore diet working through deuterium depletion? 1:06:15 Deuterium levels in different organs of the animal. 1:08:10 Other deuterium depletion methods. 1:11:29 How does deuterium affect cholesterol molecules? 1:14:45 Deuterium and autoimmunity. 1:16:27 Why don\'t we deplete deuterium as well when we are older? 1:19:01 When do we need deuterium? 1:23:00 How to measure deuterium in the body. 1:25:19 DNA and its structure with deuterium. 1:26:33 Telomeres. 1:30:40 How is deuterium involved in cancer? 1:34:10 Prostate cancer study. 1:40:45 How to get your deuterium levels checked? 1:40:35 Supplements and deuterium levels. 1:44:45 Where to find them? 1:45:39 The most radical thing they have done recently .\xa0   Carnivore deuterium study:  https://www.ddcenters.com/nose-to-tail-study-details/   Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 Use the code CARNIVOREMD at www.whiteoakpastures.com all month for 10% off your order! \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 Native: For 20% off your first purchase, visit nativedeodorant.com and use promo code SALADINO during checkout!   INSIDER: carnivoremd.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram: @carnivoremd Website: carnivoremd.com Twitter:@carnivoremd\xa0 Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: drpaul@carnivoremd.com | Dr. Zsofia Clemens is a biologist and clinical researcher specialized in nutrition, nutritional therapy and brain research. Previously she has been affiliated with the National Institute of Clinical Neuroscience, Budapest and the Neurological Department, University of Pécs, Hungary. Currently she is the leader of the ICMNI / Paleomedicina Hungary. In international academic journals, she has published 40 research articles with more than 1100 citations. www.paleomedicina.com  \xa0 Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 Use the code CARNIVOREMD at www.whiteoakpastures.com all month for 10% off your order! \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 Native: For 20% off your first purchase, visit nativedeodorant.com and use promo code SALADINO during checkout!  INSIDER: carnivoremd.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram: @carnivoremd Website: carnivoremd.com Twitter:@carnivoremd\xa0 Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: drpaul@carnivoremd.com   Be sure to subscribe for more medicine and lifestyle content. Stay radical! \xa0 | Mikhaila Peterson, a 27 year old mother of one, runs the blog “Don’t Eat That”. She was diagnosed with juvenile idiopathic arthritis at age 7, severe depression at age 10 and idiopathic hypersomnia at age 21. She had multiple joints replaced at age 17. After years of research trying to solve her autoimmune problems, she went paleo/low carb and eventually ended up on the beef, salt and water diet which resolved her conditions. She’s now off of all medications and in complete remission. She’s raising awareness about the options that are still out there when people can’t seem to get their autoimmune symptoms completely under control. \xa0 Time stamps: 8:05\xa0 Mikhaila Peterson\'s carnivore diet story. 31:56 Celiac genes. 33:59 Timeframe with which things got better. 35:35 Symptom length. 45:55 Microbiome and the Carnivore Diet.\xa0 49:53 Is it possible to eat a carnivore diet long term?\xa0 52:39 Mikhaila\'s\xa0 carnivore journey (how she feels/what she eats). 1:00:58 Carnivore diet criticisms from Kevin Bass and others. 1:05:17How much fat is Mikhaila eating? 1:06:05 Weight Loss/maintenance on the carnivore diet. 1:08:02 Fasting. 1:13:23 Gaining weight on a carnivore diet. 1:14:40 Broken satiety signaling pathways (leptin resistance). 1:16:16 Mikhaila \'s bloodwork. 1:19:54 Menstrual cycles. 1:24:49 Jordan Peterson\'s diet.\xa0 1:28:28 Carnivore diet potential /value of exercise.\xa0 1:31:43 How do we move the carnivore diet forward? 1:35:05 Where to find Mikhaila\xa0 1:36:23 The most radical thing Mikhaila did in the last month\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 youtube: youtube.com/mikhailapeterson1 facebook: www.facebook.com/thecarnivorediet instagram: mikhailapeterson twitter: MikhailaAleksis website: mikhailapeterson.com \xa0  Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 Use the code CARNIVOREMD at www.whiteoakpastures.com all month for 10% off your order! \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 INSIDER: carnivoremd.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram: @carnivoremd Website: carnivoremd.com Twitter:@carnivoremd\xa0 Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: drpaul@carnivoremd.com   Be sure to subscribe for more medicine and lifestyle content. Stay radical! \xa0 | My buddy Nathan Owens (@nathanequalsone) returns for a rousing discussion of all of our bloodwork. There’s a lot here, and this is technical episode. I hope that it provides value to the community and is helpful to those of you with questions about which bloodwork to order!\xa0 \xa0 Time stamps: \xa0 12:25 Nathan\'s Podcast info. 15:04 Blood work Recommendations. 19:38 Where to order these tests online. 20:22 Extra-curricular labs. 21:42 Nathan\'s Blood Work-Cholesterol 24:01 What happened to\xa0 basic lipid panel when he went carnivore. 25:55 Familial hypercholesterolemia 27:15 Thoughts on why LDL goes up on a Carnivore Diet. 29:04 Sophisticated lipid panels\xa0 30:48 Atherogenic lipid numbers. 32:31 Nathan\'s LDL and HDL size. 33:50 What\'s the size of an HDL particle relative to the size of an LDL particle? 38:07 Ox LDL test. 41:20 Paul\'s bloodwork results. 43:14 LPPAL2 45:09Other lipid tests Nathan got. 47:05 Are plant sterols atherogenic? 48:35 Other inflammatory markers\xa0 49:38 Valuable Inflammatory Markers. 51:00 When to measure HSCRP? 51:39 Myloperoxidase and fibrinogen. 52:12 Homosistine. 54:50 Plant Folate\xa0 56:15 Hormones 57:53 Sex hormone binding globulin. 1:01:49 What Nathan did to quadruple his testosterone. 1:06:30 The takeaways in regards to testosterone\xa0 1:09:40 DHT\xa0 1:12:21 IGF1 1:13:25 Insulin 1:14:10 Importance of testing fasting insulin. 1:14:25 C peptide measurements\xa0 1:14:45 The Comprehensive Metabolic Panel. 1:16:37: B.U.N\xa0 1:18:27 Cystatin c\xa0 1:19:19 EGFR 1:19;54 Fasting glucose.\xa0 1:21:59 Continuous glucose monitoring.\xa0 1:23:13 Hemaglobin A1C. 123:53 Fructosamine levels. 1:24:44 Bilirubin\xa0 1:26:59 Biliary disease\xa0 1:28:58 ALT and AST 1:29:30 Alkaline Phosphatase. 1:30:16: GGT\xa0 1:31:53 CBC and DIFF. 1;33:58: White blood cell lineages. 1:36:24: Red blood cell count. 1:37:23 Hematocrit measures. 1:38:39 Mean Corpuscular volume. 1:40:35 Platelet count\xa0 \xa01:40:50 Omega 3. 1:42:48 Relative ratios of ALA, DPA, DHA, EPA. 1:44:45 Other fatty acids. 1:47:47 Thyroid Hormones. 1:59:27: Vitamin E 1:59:38 CoQ10, minerals,and micronutrients. 2:07:09: Saunas and heavy metals. 2:07:39 Leptin. 2:08:04 Organic acid, G.I. tests. 2:09:10 Full Genome Sequencing. 2:13:17 The most radical thing Nathan has done recently. \xa0 Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 Use the code CARNIVOREMD at www.whiteoakpastures.com all month for 10% off your order! \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 INSIDER: carnivoremd.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram: @carnivoremd Website: carnivoremd.com Twitter:@carnivoremd\xa0 Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: paulsaladinomd@gmail.com \xa0 Be sure to subscribe for more medicine and lifestyle content. Stay radical! \xa0 | If you are interested in lipids, you’ve probably heard of Dave Feldman and his work. If not,\xa0 you’ve got some homework to do, and I think you’ll be amazed at what you find. Dave’s work can found at cholesterolcode.com where he details his multiple, meticulous self-experimental projects. Prior to cholesterol adventures Dave was a senior software scientist and an engineer. He brings this “out of the box” thinking to the world of medicine and we are all better off for it.\xa0 He began a low-carb, high-fat diet in April 2015 and has since learned everything he could about it with special emphasis on cholesterol. He saw his own lipid numbers spike substantially after going on the diet and spotted a pattern in the lipid system that’s very similar to distributed objects in networks. He’s since learned quite a bit on the subject both through research and experimentation which has revealed some very powerful data. Where he induced a 73 point drop in my LDL-C and a 1115 point drop in my LDL-P.\xa0 Siobhan (she\'-VAUN) Huggins is an independent researcher focused on lipidology, the immune system, and metabolic diseases. She spends most of her time at cholesterolcode.com where she works alongside Dave Feldman. She has been keto since August of 2016, and on a predominantly carnivorous diet as of October 2017. She has lost 80 lbs, reversed hypertension, and found a passion for research along the way. 5:47 Dave Feldman\'s blood testing at low carb San Diego 7:17 The Feldman Protocol 9:39 Does it matter whether subjects are a ketogenic vs. carbohydrate based metabolism 11:19 What labs were administered? 13:03 Shevawn(Siobhan??) on the inflammatory markers. 14:09 What\'s the sense of the half-life of HSCRP? 18:09 Ferritin 22:34 Other Markers being tested? 25:29 Glucagon 27:17 is it expected from these labs to find free fatty acids in the blood ? 29:23 What do you use as a cutoff for high fasting insulin? 30:00: C-Peptide 32:55 Hemaglobin A1C 34:37 Test frequency/pitfalls of looking at tests in isolation. 38:09 The Lipid Panel ,(triglycerides) 42:42 How are Triglycerides different from free fatty acids? 45:22 Measuring Triglycerides. What Happens to triglycerides after eating a high fat Carnivore meal? 50:13 Any utility to non-fasted lipid panels ? 50:52 Will triglycerides be higher on a Ketogenic diet (postprandially) 51:39 difference in postprandial triglycerides between Keto and carbohydrate based metabolisms.\xa0 54:14 Recommendations around Triglycerides. 58:32 What else elevates triglycerides? 1:01:39 Thoughts on Coffee 1:04:56 National Health and Nutritional Survey. 1:06:49 How many people are in this data set? 1:08:15 What is linear regression? 1:11:58 Why Dave wanted to look at all cause mortality. 1:13:52 Ldl and all cause mortality\xa0 1:14:57 Age parity\xa0 1:16:37 "The Dave Dance" 1:17:52 Critique:diseases that bring down LDL. 1:20:59 What epidemiology is useful for. 123:32 What happened when those who died within 10 years. 1:23:22 How many people ended up in the age parity subset? 1:25:20 How could LDL be good for you? 1:31:57 Evolutionary role of insulin resistance. 1:32:14 Insulin Resistance and infections. 1:36:37 Underlying Triggers 1:37:10 Virta program. 1:39:52 Carnivore Diet talk. 1:42:22 Studies on Antioxidants. 1:45:17 Lp(a) 1:50:07 Can you change Lp (a) 1:59:47 What characters would Dave and SIobhan be at Comic Con ? 2:00:42 The most radical thing they did recently\xa0 Dave’s contact information: \xa0 www.cholesterolcode.com\xa0 Twitter: @daveketo Instagram: @davefeldmanketo \xa0 Siobhan’s contact: \xa0 Twitter: @siobhan_huggins Website: cholesterolcode.com \xa0\xa0 \xa0 Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 INSIDER: carnivoremd.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram: @carnivoremd Website: carnivoremd.com Twitter:@carnivoremd\xa0 Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: paulsaladinomd@gmail.com \xa0 Be sure to subscribe for more medicine and lifestyle content. Stay radical! \xa0 | Ben Greenfield is a force of nature who truly needs no introduction but here’s a bit I pulled from his website: In 2013 and 2014, Ben was named as one of the world’s top 100 most influential people in health and fitness, and by 2015, Ben was coaching the world’s top CEO’s, chefs, biohackers, poker players, tennis, motocross and endurance competitors, and professional athletes from the UFC, the NHL, the NBA, the NFL and beyond – all while advising and investing in top companies in the health, fitness and nutrition industry.\xa0 In 2016, he joined Spartan SGX as one of its certified coaches. As founder and CEO of Kion, Ben now creates step-by-step solutions – from supplements and fitness gear, to coaching and consulting, to education and media – for the world’s hard-charging, high-achievers to live a truly limitless life with fully optimized minds, bodies and spirits – all from his quiet home on 10 acres in the forested wilderness of Washington state. \xa0 \xa0 Time stamps: \xa0 8:22 The Swiss Mountain Clinic stories 21:24 Ben\'s children\'s experience at the clinic. 25:09 Results of Ben\'s carnivore diet. 32:02 Ben\'s takeaways from the carnivore diet. 34:04 Eating animal brains and other organs. 38:04 Sourcing meat (U.S. Wellness and hunting). 46:04 What are lions fed in captivity (San Diego) 47:14 Ben\'s experiences at a survival training camp. 49:04 Miki Ben Dor\'s analysis of energy expenditure while hunting animals. 50:24 Hunting bigger animals for fat. 52:00 Edible Wild Plants. 55:35 Paul\'s cattail story. 58:49 Are there medicinal uses for plants? 1:00:04 Paul\'s foray into raw veganism. 1:02:38 Peptides. 1:07:04 How epitalon works for longevity/how often Ben takes peptides. 1:08:39 What Ben is taking currently. 1:12:04 The mechanisms of peptides effect on the brain. 1:13:04 The most radical thing Ben has done recently. \xa0 Ben’s contact info: Web: BenGreenfieldfitness.com instagram: @bengreenfieldfitness \xa0 \xa0 Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 INSIDER: carnivoremd.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram: @carnivoremd Website: carnivoremd.com Twitter:@carnivoremd\xa0 Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: paulsaladinomd@gmail.com \xa0 Be sure to subscribe for more medicine and lifestyle content. Stay radical! \xa0 | Tommy Wood MD, PhD is an elite-level professional nerd who has coached world class athletes in a dozen sports.\xa0 He has an undergraduate degree in biochemistry from the University of Cambridge, a medical degree from the University of Oxford, and a PhD in physiology and neuroscience from the University of Oslo. Tommy is a Research Assistant Professor at the University of Washington, a Research Scientist at the Institute for Human and Machine cognition, and is on the scientific advisory board of Hintsa Performance. He is also CSO (Chief Snake Officer) at the Costa Rican Center for Bro Research. Tommy lives in Seattle with his wife Elizabeth and their two goofy boxers. In his spare time he can usually be found cooking, reading, or lifting something heavy. \xa0 Time stamps 8:27 APOE4 Gene 11:37 Background on APO lipoproteins\xa0 15:00 APOC3 15:47 APO interference on LDL receptors\xa0 17 19:17 Insulin resistance and LDL residence time(reverse causation). 20:37 Metabolic Disease of the American Population. 22:07 David Foster Wallace, "This is Water" 24:18 Is Insulin Resistance driving LDL reten? 28:09 What is\xa0 APOE doing in the periphery? 29:08 Immunologic functions of lipoproteins.\xa0 30:46 Are higher levels of LDL protective? 32:07 How higher total cholesterol predicts longevity in a "normal" person. 33:38 APOE and the brain. 34:47 Ketones as precursor for cholesterol synthesis. 35:27 Newborns and ketosis. 36:05 Glucose,ketones, and cholesterol. 37:12 Glial cells in the brain. 40:22 How the APOE genes differ. 44:57 Why are people told not to eat high saturated fat when they have the APOE4 gene? 47:37 Confusion around keto/carnivore diets raising total cholesterol\xa0 49:17 The Bolivian Tsimonae. 53:52 APOE and evolutionary history. 54:19 Evolutionary pressure and longevity. 56:02 Miki Ben-Dor\'s findings on longevity of our ancestors. 57:40 Why APOE4 is beneficial from an infection standpoint. 1:00:10 Difference between refined and unrefined saturated fat. 1:03:02 Liquid fats effect on the gut. 1:03:17 Statins. 1:04::54 COQ10 levels in carnivores. 1:07:02 Lipophilic statins. 1:08:40 Statins and Dementia. 1:09:14 Amyloid hypothesis of Alzheimer\'s. 1:14:22 Problems with western medical education. 1:15:13 How is the system broken? 1:16:17 Insulin Resistance and Alzheimer\'s. 1:24:42 What is brain insulin resistance? 1:29:29 Summary\xa0 1:32:57 The most radical thing Tommy has done recently.\xa0     Tommy’s contact info:\xa0 \xa0 Website: www.drragnar.com Instagram: @drtommywood Twitter: @drragnar   Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 INSIDER: carnivoremd.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/paulsaladinomd Website: carnivoremd.com Twitter:@mdsaladino Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: paulsaladinomd@gmail.com \xa0 Be sure to subscribe for more medicine and lifestyle content. Stay radical! \xa0 | Dr Gary Fettke is an Orthopaedic Surgeon practising in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia. He has a major interest in the preventative medicine and encourages his patients to lose weight before undergoing surgery. Although his speciality is surgery, Gary believes it is much better to help people avoid surgery by taking preventative measures, which often involves primarily altering the diet. He is an advocate of a Low Carbohydrate Healthy Fat (LCHF) lifestyle for the health benefits. He was “a fat kid” and has experienced ‘too many’ other health issues until changing his diet and lifestyle. He has concerns that as we get older the health systems will be under significant stress from financial and health burden aspects. It is simply unsustainable – a train crash in evolution. In recent years Gary has focussed on the role of diet in the development of diabetes, obesity and cancer. He has been speaking out internationally on the combined role of sugar, fructose, refined carbohydrates and polyunsaturated oils linking together to be behind inflammation and modern disease. Gary remains committed to understanding the central role of nutrition in everything ranging from our health issues to its role in influencing education, the environmental impact, economics, politics and belief systems. He has incurred the wrath of regulatory bodies for his stand on public health, but he and his wife, Belinda, remain active defending the benefits of low carb healthy fat living. Their ongoing work has uncovered the vested interests and ideologies shaping nutritional guidelines at an international level. \xa0 Gary Fettke, MD contact info: Website: isupportgary.com Ig: @isupportgary Twitter:@fructoseno \xa0 Time stamps: \xa0 8:56 Gary\'s story. 15:17 Cereal industry "conspiracy" 22:32 Being told that he was unable to give nutritional advice. 25:40 What were the complaints saying? 28:09 Tim Noakes\' similar situation. 30:45 Banting diet 32:17 Why is sugar toxic\xa0 38:07 Grains and cereals (polyol pathway) 40:32 Non-evolutionarily consistent food\xa0 43:02 Our own "Brave New World" 44:37 Belinda Fetke\'s work. 47:37 The role of the Seventh Day Adventists church. 52:22 Kellogg\'s cereal involvement. 54:35 Who influenced Ancel Keys? 57:37 Article on Seventh Day Adventist role in nutritional guidelines in Journal of Religion. 1:01:42 Religious ideology and the U.S. food guidelines. 1:03:55 Seventh Day Adventists and the soy and alternative meat industry. 1:06:27 Seventh Day Adventists and medical education. 1:11:54 Coca-Cola and the Seventh Day Adventist. 1:15:44 Cereal and fibre. 1:19:37 Grassroots Low Carb movement. 1:22:47 Medical schools and the "Garden of Eden Diet". 1:29:01 Where you can find Gary. 1:30:23 The most radical thing Gary did recently! \xa0 \xa0 Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 Code SALADINOMD on the shopify site to receive 10% off. \xa0 JOOVV: www.joovv.com/paul \xa0 INSIDER: fundamentalhealthinsider.com \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/paulsaladinomd Website: paulsaladinomd.com Twitter:@mdsaladino Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: paulsaladinomd@gmail.com \xa0 Be sure to subscribe for more medicine and lifestyle content. Stay radical! \xa0 | Dr. Ken Berry is a practicing board certified physician, an amazon Best Selling author, and a passionate advocate of health on his YouTube channel where he has over 500,000 subscribers. Along with his online presence, he is active in his own community of Camden Tennessee where he has been practicing at The Berry Clinic since 2003. Dr. Berry is known for his direct, no nonsense approach to health and wellness. After signing with Victory Belt Publishing House this year, Dr. Berry just released a second edition of his best selling book Lies My Doctor Told Me. He is also in the process of writing his second book called Common Sense Keto for Type II Diabetes. He looks forward to working with the real people of the world in continuing his mission to bring an end to the obesity and Type II diabetes epidemics, along with bringing awareness to such issues as thyroid health and hormone optimization. SHOW NOTES 3:10 What\'s new in Ken Berry\'s world. 4:24 Takeaways from Keto Fest and other low-carb conferences. 9:24 The root cause of acne. 12:24 Western "thought" in medicine today.\xa0 15:09 How to change the current system in western medicine. 21:54 How to combat misinformation. 26:14 Why can\'t good tasting food be good for you ? North American cultural influence. 30:44 Better health standards for physicians. 32:32 Ageism towards young doctors. 36:39 Helping people understand where the validity is in health information. 38:24 The strength of humans. 40:29 Keto 101. 43:54 What would happen if everyone went Keto? 47:13 Why are grains/tobacco/sugar subsidized? 48:24 Is it possible to change our current system at the political level? 53:44 People who don\'t feel great on a keto or carnivore diet. Pitfalls of a low carb diet. 55:54 When do sugar cravings go away? 1:01:59 Will I ever eat plants again ? 1:04:34 Is an animal food based diet bad for the environment? 1:05:39 Insomnia and the carnivore diet. 1:07:39 People who have polymorphisms who don\'t make ketones well. 1:09:41 Tips to alleviate insomnia. 1:10:48 Who does keto not work for? 1:13:34 APOE4 1:15:24 Constipation and the carnivore diet. 1:18:28 Where you can find Ken Berry online. 1:19:39 The most radical thing Dr.Berry did recently. \xa0 \xa0 Dr. Ken Berry contact info: \xa0 Instagram: @kendberry.md Twitter:@kendberrymd Web: www.kenberrymd.com \xa0 Dr. Berry’s book:\xa0 \xa0 Lies My Doctor Told Me  https://www.amazon.com/Lies-My-Doctor-Told-Second/dp/162860378X/ref=sr_1_1?crid=1CDQGTK4MBOAL&keywords=lies+my+doctor+told+me&qid=1558217091&s=gateway&sprefix=lies+mty+%2Caps%2C212&sr=8-1 \xa0 Ancestral Supplements https://ancestralsupplements.com/ \xa0 My contact information: PATREON:  https://www.patreon.com/paulsaladinomd \xa0 SOCIAL MEDIA\xa0 Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/paulsaladinomd Website: paulsaladinomd.com Twitter:@mdsaladino Facebook: Paul Saladino MD email: paulsaladinomd@gmail.com \xa0 Be sure to subscribe for more medicine and lifestyle content. Stay radical! \xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Throughout my training and practice as a physician I have come to one very disappointing conclusion:  Western medicine isn’t helping people lead better lives. Now that I’ve realized this, I’ve become obsessed with understanding what makes us healthy or ill. I want to live the best life I can and I want to be able to share this knowledge with others so that they can do the same. This podcast is the result of my relentless search to understand the roots of chronic disease. If you want to know how to live the most radical life possible I hope you’ll join me on this journey.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/4f/9f/92/4f9f9270-65af-bb74-f634-956188778280/mza_8089010519954640333.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-04-28'}}

{'The Q Word Podcast': {'title': 'The Q Word Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Q-Word-Podcast-id1361620', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'The Q Word Podcast', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 117, 'play_count': 660, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.theqwordpodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 21, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-24', '00:54:51', 0], ['2019-09-02', '01:03:57', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:04:52', 0], ['2019-06-17', '00:50:08', 0], ['2019-04-28', '00:32:42', 0], ['2019-04-11', '00:53:46', 0], ['2019-03-18', '01:10:52', 0], ['2019-01-05', '00:35:59', 0], ['2018-12-22', '01:01:38', 0], ['2018-10-30', '00:15:03', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Nyssa and Lisa sit down with photo-journalist and documentary filmmaker Carolyn Jones, whose fascination and respect for the nursing profession launched the 2014 film\xa0The American Nurse, 2017\'s\xa0Defining Hope, and her upcoming project,\xa0In Case of Emergency, which focuses exclusively on the ER nurse.\xa0 Learn why she thinks nurses - what they do and what they know - need\xa0to be brought front and center into the most important conversations of today. | Taking care of a child in the ER is a special kind of challenge, and a\xa0nurse\'s normal assessment tools often don\'t apply.\xa0 Listen in as Nyssa\xa0chats with Pediatric Emergency Room Director Rebecca Cogburn, and learn about early pediatric warning signs\xa0and how to decipher them\xa0to improve your practice.\xa0\xa0 | Have you heard The Q Word Podcast yet? Find out about the tips, trends, and taboos of emergency nursing by tuning in.\xa0\xa0 |  Whether you\'re a baby nurse applying for your first job\xa0or a seasoned nurse looking for a new position, Nyssa and Lisa have the tips and tricks you need to impress potential employers.\xa0Don\'t be an unemployed\xa0clueless dinosaur in a low-cut dress!\xa0Since you can’t take Alexa with you, tune in to learn better ways to nail that interview.   \xa0 | Lisa and Nyssa explore\xa0the question ER nurses are always asked:\xa0"what\'s the worst thing you\'ve ever seen?"\xa0Learn why nurses respond the way they do, why it is not a good question for small talk, and why a better conversation starter might be whether or not pineapple belongs on pizza. | In the final installment of this trilogy of interviews, Nyssa and Lisa talk to the three Musketeers of airways - the Boone brothers Michael and Bryan, and Tyler Christifulli - about inflatable dinosaur suits, most excellent mustachios, and how and why you should bring the SALAD and ApOX intervention techniques from the ambulance or the air and into the ER.\xa0 | Nyssa and Lisa talk to Dr. Matt Astin, a long-term fixture in the ER and dedicated educator, about\xa0the dogmas and sacred cows in emergency care, the importance of social media in nursing practice, and what Goldilocks\' three bears are doing in the ER. |         Nyssa and Lisa interview Matt Perry, Director of the Monroe County\xa0Emergency Management Agency, and learn how nurses and medics -\xa0two different teams -\xa0work together towards the same goal, just like Krispy Kreme donuts (aka "power rings") and Dunkin\' Donuts coffee.         | It is a widely accepted practice to have family present during the birth of a new baby, so why is it so uncommon for family to be near the bedside in the ER during the last moments of life?\xa0 In this very special episode, Nyssa tells Lisa about the work she\'s done researching, developing, and championing policies and procedures designed to bring loved ones into the ER during code blue scenarios, and why this has become her personal crusade. | Nyssa and Lisa take a field trip to the\xa0Forest Hills\xa0Cemetery\xa0in the outskirts of Boston to visit the final resting places of several notable doctors and nurses\xa0who formalized the\xa0\u200bprofession of nursing back in the good ol\' days.\xa0 Join us on this short tour of a lovely place on a creepy day, and learn a little something about the ladies who helped start it all. To see the pictures of the cemetery gates, the tombstones, and your water-logged hosts, check out our website here:\xa0https://www.theqwordpodcast.com/', 'chan_desc': 'Conversations about the tips, tricks, trends, and taboos of emergency nursing. A peek behind the hospital curtain at issues and ideas that seldom get discussed.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts125/v4/46/52/0c/46520cd7-c2e9-5d0f-4a44-fe878cbfe6d3/mza_9141626565303171268.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-07-04'}}

{'EM Clerkship - Emergency Medicine for Students': {'title': 'EM Clerkship - Emergency Medicine for Students', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/EM-Clerkship-Emergency-Medicine-for-Students-id241614', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Zack Olson MD', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 1890, 'play_count': 40923, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://emclerkship.com'], 'ep_total': 182, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:31:17', 0], ['2019-09-22', '00:36:11', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:34:08', 0], ['2019-09-08', '00:31:16', 0], ['2019-08-25', '00:09:52', 0], ['2019-08-18', '00:13:30', 1], ['2019-08-11', '00:13:05', 0], ['2019-08-04', '00:13:15', 0], ['2019-07-28', '00:18:11', 0], ['2019-07-21', '00:18:05', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': ' |  |  |  | ABEM-style cases presented on EM Clerkship are not my actual ABEM exam cases, and they are not based on my actual cases. I will never be discussing my actual exam details with anybody, including on this podcast. The cases were created independently, by me, for the purpose of medical education and improving patient care. Topics […] |  |  |  |  | Great blog post on topic… https://first10em.com/uti/', 'chan_desc': 'The purpose of this podcast is to help medical students crush their emergency medicine clerkship and get top 1/3 on their SLOE. The content is organized in an approach to format and covers different chief complaints, critical diagnoses, and skills important for your clerkship.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/00/a7/15/00a71599-384b-aa9f-343c-b89b51d9c1fb/mza_7041472445759018320.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-03-20'}}

{'2 Docs Talk: The podcast about healthcare, the science of medicine and everything in between.': {'title': '2 Docs Talk: The podcast about healthcare, the science of medicine and everything in between.', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/2-Docs-Talk%3A-The-podcast-about-healthcare%2C-the-science-of-medicine-and-everything-in-between.-id957', 'num_comments': 5, 'author': 'Kendall Britt MD and Amy Rogers MD', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2600, 'play_count': 15539, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/2DocsTalk', 'http://2docstalk.com'], 'ep_total': 126, 'recent_eps': [['2018-11-06', '00:08:33', 0], ['2018-10-30', '00:15:00', 2], ['2018-10-23', '00:13:05', 0], ['2018-03-19', '00:42:46', 5], ['2018-03-12', '00:13:05', 1], ['2018-03-05', '00:10:54', 1], ['2018-02-26', '00:13:52', 0], ['2018-02-19', '00:09:19', 0], ['2018-02-12', '00:11:48', 0], ['2018-02-05', '00:19:35', 3]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Kratom doesn\'t sound like your typical herbal supplement, but it does come with all the issues common to the supplement industry. Namely, it hasn\'t withstood the test of clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy.\xa0 And that causes problems.\xa0  Problems like not knowing how much of the ingredient is in the supplement, or how much of other ingredients for that matter. Or wht kind of side effects might be evident if it were subjected to randomized placebo-controlled trials.\xa0  But another problem is that it might actually offer a solution to a very big problem—opioid addiction But we don\'t know if it does because guess what? It hasn\'t been studied.\xa0  This week, 2 Docs Talk about Kratom and why the regulatory requirements (or absence thereof) on the supplement industry might be causing us to miss out on some real benefits. | With our apologies to and appreciation of Frances McDormand.  The opioid crisis is showing no signs of tapering off any time soon, so today, 2 Docs Talk about the cornerstone of opioid addiction treatment - medication assisted therapy or MAT.  We also (because we can\'t resist) talk about the irony of the very company who triggered the epidemic with their deceitful marketing practices now profiting from selling the treatment for that very problem.  Resources:  Previously, we disucssed the opioid epidemic in episode 12 - you can find it right here. | After a hiatus that lasted much longer than planned, we are back with our fall 2018 season of 2 Docs Talk, with look back on previous topic and an update on what\'s been going on since we first discussed them. We\'ll talk about the following episodes:   Hormone Supplementation and Menopause  Right to Try Legislation The Flu, the Flu Shot and the Future Cervical Cancer and the HPV Vaccine  Medicaid Expansion The Mumps \xa0 Other resources for this episode can be found here:  JAMA article on racial differences in vasomotor symptoms\xa0   Info on HPV vaccine expanded recommendations Mumps booster information | If you\'ve had many conversations about healthcare reform, it is likely you\'ve heard some variation on this theme:\xa0  "Hospitals have to provide care for people who show up. So everyone can get healthcare when they need it. So when people say that can\'t get healthcare, that isn\'t true."  Is there any merit to that argument? Spoiler: NO. But if you want to hear more about where that idea comes from, take a listen.\xa0 Resources: https://www.cms.gov/Regulations-and-Guidance/Legislation/EMTALA/  http://www.kff.org/medicaid/state-indicator/medicaid-income-eligibility-limits-for-parents/?currentTimeframe=0&sortModel=%7B%22colId%22:%22Location%22,%22sort%22:%22asc%22%7D Be sure and subscribe in iTunes or Stitcher if you haven’t already.\xa0\xa0And you know we’d appreciate it so much if you would tell your friends about 2 Docs Talk! Listen on iTunes Listen on Stitcher Now Available on Google Play Music! | If you aren\'t taking an SSRI yourself, there it\'s almost certain you know someone who does. Selective Serotoning Reuptake Inhibitors are one of the most commonly prescribed classes of drugs out there. Is their widespread use earned on the basis of good evidence? It\'s not clear - let\'s take a look. References:  Genetic and clinical predictors of sexual dysfunction in citalopram-treated depressed patients. Perlis RH, Laje G, Smoller JW, Fava M, Rush AJ, McMahon FJ Neuropsychopharmacology. 2009;34(7):1819. Epub 2009 Mar 18.\xa0 Be sure and subscribe in iTunes or Stitcher if you haven’t already.\xa0\xa0And you know we’d appreciate it so much if you would tell your friends about 2 Docs Talk! Listen on iTunes Listen on Stitcher Now Available on Google Play Music! \xa0 | Right to Try laws have come about as a response to cumbersome paperwork required to access the FDA\'s compassionate use program. However, the FDA has lessened the paperwork required for terminally ill patients to access investigational drugs.\xa0 So is Right to Try a meaningful movement, or is it simply one piece of an overaraching ideology. Today, 2 Docs Talk about Right to Try laws and who they help. Be sure and subscribe in iTunes or Stitcher if you haven’t already.\xa0\xa0And you know we’d appreciate it so much if you would tell your friends about 2 Docs Talk! Listen on iTunes Listen on Stitcher Now Available on Google Play Music! | For decades, much has been made of the healthvbenefits of drinking alcohol. And those benefits are real. But, what exactly are the benefits, and how do they stack up against the risks associated with alcohol?\xa0 Today, 2 Docs Talk about the ways alcohol and help and harm your health, and we offer some of our opinions, too.\xa0 Resources: https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/alcohol-full-story/ https://www.cdc.gov/features/costsofdrinking/index.html https://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/dsmfactsheet/dsmfact.pdf Be sure and subscribe in iTunes or Stitcher if you haven’t already.\xa0\xa0And you know we’d appreciate it so much if you would tell your friends about 2 Docs Talk! Listen on iTunes Listen on Stitcher Now Available on Google Play Music! \xa0 | If you are of a certain age, you remember a time when pretty much every kid got chicken pox. But those days are behind us as most of our children are vaccinated agains varicella, the virus that causes chicken pox. But for us old folks, shingles is the still around to remind of the old days when we still got chicken pox.\xa0 Today 2 docs talk about the effect of the varicella vaccine, the problem with shingles, and what you can do about it. \xa0 Be sure and subscribe in iTunes or Stitcher if you haven’t already.\xa0\xa0And you know we’d appreciate it so much if you would tell your friends about 2 Docs Talk! Listen on iTunes Listen on Stitcher Now Available on Google Play Music! | Senator McCain has a malignant brain tumor called a Glioblastoma Multiforme, orglioblastoma or GBM for short. He’s not the first person politically connected to get one of these things. I think this is what Senator Ted Kennedy had back in 2008 and also Beau Biden, Joe Biden’s son died of a glioblastoma. Glioblastomas are one of a class of brain tumors called Gliomas. Gliomas can be low grade which are considered pre-malginant or pre-cancerous or they can be high grade malignancies such as GBMs. \xa0 Today 2 Docs Talk about Glioblastoma Multiforme, and the difficulties associated with treating - or not treating - the tumor.\xa0 Resources:  Don\'t Tell John McCain to Fight His Cancer FDA approval of Optune device for Glioblastoma 2 Docs Talk episode on hospice Be sure and subscribe in iTunes or Stitcher if you haven’t already.\xa0\xa0And you know we’d appreciate it so much if you would tell your friends about 2 Docs Talk! Listen on iTunes Listen on Stitcher Now Available on Google Play Music! \xa0 | We all know that exercise is beneficial for our health. But how much \xa0- how long - what type? Understanding what offers the best outcomes is tricky because it\'s difficult to conduct rigorous research with long term endpoints such as reduction of disease and death.\xa0 Today 2 Docs Talk about some interesting studies on exercise and what they reveal about the benefits of physical activity.\xa0 Resources: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25844730 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25844882  https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/mets-activity-table/ http://www.amjmed.com/article/S0002-9343%2814%2900138-7/abstract https://ijbnpa.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1479-5868-9-89 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18332184  http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0277953612003565 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2852580/#R12  http://www.aacr.org/Newsroom/Pages/News-Release-Detail.aspx?ItemID=580#.Wlt9eSOZM_W Be sure and subscribe in iTunes or Stitcher if you haven’t already.\xa0\xa0And you know we’d appreciate it so much if you would tell your friends about 2 Docs Talk! Listen on iTunes Listen on Stitcher Now Available on Google Play Music!', 'chan_desc': 'Join cohosts Kendall Britt, MD and Amy Rogers, MD for a 15 minute check-up on current issues in medicine and health policy. The doctors examine current medical concerns in light of the best available medical evidence and the policy issues of the day with a focus on their impact on the doctor patient relationship.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/84/40/d5/8440d54f-ff09-77e3-a1db-0710a88a6b0a/mza_9137677227994474879.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-12-09'}}

{'Straight A Nursing': {'title': 'Straight A Nursing', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Straight-A-Nursing-id1394157', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Straight A Nursing', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1991, 'play_count': 17995, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.straightanursingstudent.com'], 'ep_total': 69, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:15:08', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:15:20', 1], ['2019-09-19', '00:12:23', 1], ['2019-09-12', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:18:25', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:27:45', 1], ['2019-08-23', '00:20:45', 1], ['2019-08-16', '00:37:14', 1], ['2019-08-09', '00:23:06', 1], ['2019-08-02', '00:23:03', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this podcast episode Nurse Mo talks you through the key components of atrial septal defects in infants. Pathophysiology of ASDSigns/symptoms of ASD in infantsHow ASD is diagnosedASD treatments and complicationsTo see references, check out the blog post here: https://www.straightanursingstudent.com/atrial-septal-defect-nursing | If you\'ve ever said to yourself, "I don\'t belong here" or "They\'re going to find out I don\'t know what I\'m talking about" then you may very well suffer from imposter syndrome. In this podcast episode, Nurse Mo talks about imposter syndrome, why it\'s so common in nursing students and why it has absolutely nothing to do with how amazing you actually are. | Preeclampsia is a somewhat common but very dangerous condition that can cause serious, even fatal, consequences for mom and baby. In this podcast episode, you\'ll learn:What is preeclampsia?What is eclampsia?How is preeclampsia diagnosed?What are the signs/symptoms of preeclampsia?How is it treated?What are the risk factors for preeclampsia?What are the complications?For references, please visit the blog post associated with this episode: https://www.straightanursingstudent.com/preeclampsia-nursing-basics | Overcoming test anxiety in nursing school starts with recognizing WHY it happens so you can talk yourself off the ledge...it\'s going to be okay, I promise! In this podcast episode, I explain all the reasons why you could have test anxiety in nursing school, even if you\'ve never suffered from it before.If you haven\'t snagged your FREE GUIDE "The 11 Habits of Successful Nursing Students" get yours here! https://www.straightanursingstudent.com/successful-nursing-students-11For references, please visit the accompanying blog post here: https://www.straightanursingstudent.com/overcoming-nursing-school-test-anxiety | Learn pancreatitis nursing care in this podcast episode to help you in your Med Surg course and in your clinical rotations...it\'s even a great refresher for post-licensure nurses, too!In this podcast episode, Nurse Mo takes you through pancreatitis nursing care using the Straight A Nursing LATTE method: how will the patient LOOK, how will you ASSESS the patient, what TESTS will be ordered, what TREATMENTS will be provided, and how will you EDUCATE the patient? The LATTE method is great because it really helps you focus on the important things you need to know for exams and clinical. Please take a moment to rate and review this podcast...I love reading your comments and hearing how this podcast helps you feel more prepared for nursing school! For references, please see the accompanying blog post here (https://www.straightanursingstudent.com/pancreatitis-nursing-interventions-and-assessment) | Acid-base balance is one of those things that occur "behind-the-scenes" with all of your patients. But when this balance is off, it can be pretty dramatic! In this podcast episode, Nurse Mo takes you through a review of acid-base physiology and then brings it home with patient scenarios you\'re likely to see in the clinical setting. In this episode we\'ll review:Common causes of acid-base imbalancesWays the body compensates and regulates pHRespiratory compensationRenal compensationFour patient scenariosIf you\'re in Advanced Med/Surg and want to practice ABGs, go through my step-by-step tutorial here (https://www.straightanursingstudent.com/abgs-easy-as-1-2-3/)For references, see the accompanying blog post here (https://www.straightanursingstudent.com/understanding-acid-base-balance) | In this podcast episode Nurse Mo takes the complex topic of atelectasis and breaks it down to the "must know" information you need to take care of your patients, write care plans and do well on your nursing school exams. The types of atelectasis...who knew there were so many?Who is at risk for atelectasis (it\'s a lot of folks!)How to assess for postoperative atelectasisComplications of postoperative atelectasisAtelectasis nursing interventions...what are you going to DO about it?We\'ll even talk about ways to incorporate atelectasis treatment and prevention into your care plans, and if you\'d like to read about it, you can check out the full blog post here: https://www.straightanursingstudent.com/atelectasis-care-plan-for-nursing-students/And a quick reminder that today (Aug 23, 2019) is the last day to enroll in the Fall semester edition of Crucial Concepts Bootcamp! Once you enroll, you\'re in it for as long as you\'d like...but you need to snag your spot today! Check it out here: https://straight-a-nursing.teachable.com | Learning how to administer nitroglycerin can be challenging for nursing students because it is available in so many different forms. And if that isn\'t enough, each formulation has its own distinct method of administration. In this podcast episode, Nurse Mo talks you through how nitroglycerin is given and the nursing implications for each type.Are you enjoying the podcast? Then please consider leaving a review and rating! It helps us appear more prominently in searches AND convinces other students to give it a try. Plus, I read each and every review and love getting your feedback! | In this podcast episode I talk about the different types of angina, their causes, symptoms and options for treatment. This episode dovetails perfectly with Episode 61 on Acute Coronary Syndrome, so if you haven\'t listened to that one yet...go back and listen to it...then come back here. Are you a brand new nursing student that\'s nervous, excited, or even terrified? Then you will LOVE my Crucial Concepts Bootcamp...it\'s available at https://straight-a-nursing.teachable.com/p/crucial-concepts-bootcamp. If you want in, you better hurry! Enrollment closes August 23rd and I advise all students to get through the course BEFORE classes start. Click the link to learn more, view the curriculum and see how it can help you start your program with your very best foot forward. I would LOVE to see you all there! | To continue our endocrine series, today we\'re talking about hyperthyroidism. Also known as Graves Disease, hyperthyroidism is a condition in which the thyroid produces too much hormone. Left untreated, it can lead to life-threatening complications.In this podcast episode, Nurse Mo talks you through hyperthyroidism using the LATTE method...how will the patient LOOK, how will you ASSESS them, what TESTS will be ordered, what TREATMENTS will be provided, and how will you EDUCATE the patient? It\'s a tried-and-true method that helps you focus on what you need to know for your clinical and nursing school exams!Thanks so much for listening, thanks so much for all the kind words, and best of luck in school!This podcast episode is brought to you by Nursing School Thrive Guide, my 5-star rated book designed to help new nursing students kick $%# in nursing school! Get yours as a paperback, Kindle book or audiobook on Amazon today...and do more than just survive nursing school...THRIVE in nursing school! Grab yours here: https://amzn.to/2Mw9fb8Looking for an awesome group of nursing students to hang out with online? Join my facebook group Thriving Nursing Students here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/thrivingnursingstudents/Hope to see you there!', 'chan_desc': 'Get useful tips, clinical wisdom, nursing inspiration and exploration of key topics from straightanursingstudent.com. Join Nurse Mo to learn about a wide range of topics ranging from the basics of nursing care to complicated cases seen in the ICU.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/6a/3f/a8/6a3fa823-ad1c-88e1-bebc-18442c3a4086/mza_8990358574195465886.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-03-01'}}

{'Mind of The Warrior': {'title': 'Mind of The Warrior', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Mind-of-The-Warrior-id32631', 'num_comments': 7, 'author': 'Mike Simpson', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 3218, 'play_count': 50751, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/TimKennedyMMA', 'https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/'], 'ep_total': 102, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:41:52', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:51:35', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:50:20', 1], ['2019-08-29', '01:24:59', 2], ['2019-08-26', '01:29:27', 1], ['2019-08-19', '00:52:48', 2], ['2019-08-12', '00:54:13', 0], ['2019-08-04', '01:06:31', 1], ['2019-07-28', '00:50:00', 0], ['2019-07-22', '00:55:03', 2]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Shop affiliates:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com/new-page-1 Supplements:\xa0https://onnit.com/motw (Save 10% on every purchase when you use this page) \xa0Nutrition:\xa0https://www.freshly.com/subscriptions/1807965?clickid=SREyh7XScxyJTlPwUx0Mo3cTUknxrzxsKVe91A0&irgwc=1&utm_campaign=usa_plans_all-d_all-p_acq_cpa_Michael%20Simpson_&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_source=ignite&affsrc=1&utm_term=paid-affiliate&plan_id=422&promo_code=rad40 Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 (Save 15%) https://Strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW | Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Supplements:\xa0https://onnit.com/motw (Save 10% on every purchase when you use this page) \xa0 Nutrition: https://trifectanutrition.com/motw Save 15% on your first purchase with promo code MOTW \xa0 Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 (Save 15%) \xa0 https://Strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW | Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Supplements:\xa0https://onnit.com/motw (Save 10% on every purchase when you use this page) \xa0 Nutrition: https://trifectanutrition.com/motw Save 15% on your first purchase with promo code MOTW15 \xa0 Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 (Save 15%) \xa0 https://Strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW | Andrew Winge, MD, graduated from the University of Oregon with a BS in Exercise and Movement Science. He obtained his medical degree from the Uniformed Services University in 2000 and is board certified in Family Medicine and Emergency Medicine and a member of the American Society of Bariatric Physicians. Dr. Winge spent 17 years in the US Air Force practicing both Family Medicine and Emergency Medicine. He currently works full-time as an emergency room physician while also coaching, lecturing, and teaching about nutrition and high-intensity exercise.\xa0 He is a brown belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. https://oregonmanclinics.com Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Supplements:\xa0https://onnit.com/motw (Save 10% on every purchase when you use this page) Nutrition: https://trifectanutrition.com/motw Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 (Save 15%) https://Strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW | Mark Rippetoe is a world renowned expert on strength training.\xa0 He is widely known in the world of powerlifting as both a high level competitor and coach.\xa0 He has published multiple books and scholarly articles on the subject of strength training, and is owner of the Wichita Falls athletic club, as well as the proprietor of the website startingstrength.com.\xa0 he is a highly sought after speaker and coach due to his extensive knowledge. Website:\xa0https://startingstrength.com Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Supplements:\xa0https://onnit.com/motw (Save 10% on every purchase when you use this page) Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 (Save 15%) https://Strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW | Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 https://Strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW | Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 https://Strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW https://www.robappelblatt.com \xa0 | Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 https://Strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW \xa0 \xa0 | Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com Merchandise:\xa0https://rangerup.com/collections/doc-simpson promo code: MOTW15 War Dragons APP: www.podcast.wardragons.com/MOTW \xa0https://www.strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW | Mike Simpson has served over three decades in the military as an Airborne Ranger, a Special Forces Operator, and finally as a Doctor of Emergency Medicine assigned to the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Throughout his career, Mike has deployed to 17 different countries, from counter-narcotics operations in the jungles of South America, to the Global War on Terror (GWOT) in Southwest Asia and North Africa. Along the way, Mike has been trained as a demolitions expert, SWAT Sniper, High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) parachutist, civilian paramedic, Special Forces Medic, Operations and intelligence Sergeant, and finally, a board certified Emergency Medicine Physician. Mike is also a martial arts enthusiast, who trains in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. His passion for martial arts motivated him to become a practicing fight doctor. As one of the foremost experts in both tactical trauma medicine and combat sports medicine, Mike is highly sought after as a lecturer and instructor, working extensively with Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighters, law enforcement, and military organizations providing medical care and training. He co-stars on Hunting Hitler on the History Channel. Email: doc@drmikesimpson.com Facebook:\xa0https://www.facebook.com/DoctorMikeSimpson/ Instagram: @drmikesimpson Website:\xa0https://drmikesimpson.com War Dragons APP: www.podcast.wardragons.com/MOTW \xa0https://www.strikeforceenergy.com Promotion code at checkout for 20% off: MOTW', 'chan_desc': 'Since the dawn of time there has existed an elite warrior class.  Those with the courage and the will to achieve victory have always set themselves apart.  Today, these warriors can be found not only on the modern battlefield, but also in the sports arena, in the boardroom, and in the classroom.  Join Doctor Mike Simpson, former Special Forces Operator and highly regarded expert on both combat trauma and combat sports medicine as he takes you inside the Mind of The Warrior. Doctor Mike Simpson, former Special Forces Operator, Airborne Ranger, and battle-proven warrior with over three decades of military experience.  Mike has made it his mission to save lives both on and off the battlefield.From Law enforcement officers and first responders, to Combat Veterans and Martial Arts masters, the Sheepdog Project explores every aspect of what it means to be a modern Sheepdog.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/e0/d5/12/e0d51242-942d-9914-452d-40a9101a9688/mza_1716352871100646311.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-07-01'}}

{'Medical Myths, Legends & Fairytales': {'title': 'Medical Myths, Legends & Fairytales', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Medical-Myths%2C-Legends-%26-Fairytales-id2160193', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Dr Alan Christianson', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 53, 'play_count': 255, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.drchristianson.com'], 'ep_total': 10, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:47:22', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:04:28', 0], ['2019-09-02', '01:03:35', 0], ['2019-06-27', '01:08:32', 0], ['2019-06-26', '01:04:34', 0], ['2019-06-25', '01:16:21', 0], ['2019-06-19', '00:34:49', 0], ['2019-06-18', '01:34:19', 0], ['2019-06-17', '00:15:58', 0], ['2019-06-04', '00:00:51', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. On this episode we’re taking a look at your gut and the fermented foods that are claiming to increase your overall health. Fermented foods can be good for your intestines, but some fermented foods are actually harmful to your health in certain situations. Oftentimes the fermented foods that are being sold in grocery stores are not the same foods that are being studied in research, and that can make it very difficult to know which fermented foods you should incorporate into your diet. I’m joined today by Summer Bock, a microbiologist with a thorough background in the fermented world who trains fermentationists and coined the term ‘gut rebuilding’. We’re going deep into all things fermented, including the time Summer got into a bathtub full of fermented foods. She explains the history of food fermenting, which fermented foods you should avoid at the grocery store, and the value of incorporating fermented foods into your diet for improved overall health. If you have been struggling with your gut health and aren’t sure what to try next, be sure to listen to my conversation about fermented foods with Summer Bock. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [1:10] Today’s topic is fermented foods — which ones are best for your gut health, which ones should you avoid, and how they can help improve your overall health. [2:18] Introducing Summer Bock, who explains why certain ferments should be avoided depending on your health concerns. [4:02] Examining the authenticity of one of the hottest fermented food products on the market today — kefir. [6:53] What is a SCOBY, where did it come from and how does it affect food fermentation? [10:29] Lactic acid is a healthy natural microbial most commonly found in yogurt. [12:08] How does leaky gut react to ingesting fermented foods? [14:58] Summer explains multiple reasons why you will want to avoid kombucha when dealing with digestive issues. [19:18] GMOs and natural fermented foods — is it possible for a natural food be patented, marketed and sold in grocery stores? [21:23] Understanding how foods fit together from a historical standpoint and multiple ways that fermented foods interact with your bodily functions. [23:22] Will you get sick if you try fermenting foods at home? Consider the sugar content, alcoholic content and smell of homemade fermented foods before drinking anything. [26:58] An overview of Summer’s gut health, chronic illness and functional ferment pairings charts. [28:12] How to avoid the pitfalls of making your own ferments at home, the value of watching someone else make a ferment in person, and why you should expect to fail at your first attempt. [30:52] The journey that led Summer to her work with fermented foods started with severe environmental allergies and led her to selling sauerkraut from her home. [37:44] Summer’s fermenting experiences, from fermenting mushrooms, tempeh, and beans to bathing in sauerkraut brine. [45:12] Digestive impairment and amino acids — are you protein deficient? [46:49] Do you have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook Integrative Healthcare Summer Bock Living Probiotically Gut Rebuilding Functional Ferments Chart  Nourishing Traditions: The Cookbook that Challenges Politically Correct Nutrition and Diet Dictocrats by Sally Fallon  Wild Fermentation: The Flavor, Nutrition and Craft of Live-Culture Food | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 On this episode we’re diving into one of the most misunderstood diagnoses in the medical field — Lyme disease.\xa0 Do you think you might have Lyme disease? If you’ve been experiencing symptoms that you haven’t been able to explain or are wondering if Lyme disease might be the diagnosis you’ve been waiting for, then you need to listen to my conversation with Dr. Tom Moorcroft.\xa0 Dr. Moorcroft is a world renowned expert on Lyme disease who practices osteopathic medicine and focuses his work on finding the true causes behind the symptoms of those who may be suffering from Lyme disease.\xa0 \xa0 In the first part of this episode Dr. Moorcroft will differentiate between patients who may not have Lyme disease but are experiencing it’s symptoms from those who will get the diagnosis and do need to seek further Lyme disease treatment.\xa0 He’ll answer some of the hard questions about the topic — can Lyme disease be solved? What is the number one symptom that points to Lyme disease over any other symptoms?\xa0 At what point in treatment can patients reasonably expect to see positive changes in their symptoms?\xa0 And what is the best approach to your health that will nearly guarantee a fighting chance for your body to heal from this disease?\xa0 Dr. Moorcroft has seen countless cases of Lyme disease, as well as too many misdiagnoses, in his work and shares many insights into the knowledge that makes him a clear authority on the topic. \xa0 In the second part of this episode I will follow up on the conversation I had with Dr. Moorcroft, including research and reference checks, a look at the likelihood of contracting Lyme disease in a non-endemic area, and a list of possible other diseases that your symptoms may indicate you are possibly dealing with instead. I’ve created a flowchart to help you think through the process of further pursuing or rejecting a Lyme disease diagnosis, and I am confident that you will have a greater understanding of the probability of being diagnosed with Lyme disease after listening to this conversation. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [1:10] Today’s topic is Lyme disease — it’s symptoms, causes, and too-often misunderstood diagnosis. [2:32] Introducing Tom Moorcroft, who differentiates patients who may not have Lyme disease but are experiencing it’s symptoms from those who will get the diagnosis and need to seek further Lyme disease treatment.\xa0 [8:05] Dr. Moorcroft explains the importance of prioritizing the multiple stresses that are affecting your health before you begin to treat for Lyme disease. [13:00] How likely is it for someone without classic exposure to Lyme disease to be diagnosed with it? [18:06] A look at accuracy and the CDC required time frame for Lyme disease testing and what that can mean for altering effective treatments. [22:03] Are chronic antimicrobial treatments helpful for potential Lyme disease patients? Dr. Moorcroft explains the effects of a chronic treatment approach and why antimicrobial herbals are even more effective for many of his patients. [27:33] At what point should a patient stop thinking they have Lyme disease based on test results and symptoms? Dr. Moorcroft shares his standard approach to treatment when there are questions marks in the diagnosis. [31:25] The danger of assuming that you have Lyme disease, and the importance of seeking out a proper diagnosis no matter what your symptoms are. [35:18] Wrapping up with Dr. Moorcroft, who shares his personal experience with battling Lyme disease and the three key changes he made to his lifestyle in order to let healing happen.\xa0 [38:00] Examining Lyme disease further — are the symptoms alone enough to qualify for a diagnosis of Lyme disease? [41:48] Follow up on the references that were discussed with Dr. Moorcroft regarding testing time frames, false negatives, and alternative testing options. [45:18] Ignoring a diagnosis altogether — how effective would antimicrobial treatments be for someone that is showing the symptoms of Lyme disease? [46:22] Dr. C examines the likelihood of being diagnosed with Lyme disease if you have the symptoms without a tick bite or a rash living in a non-endemic area and having received a false negative test result. [52:42] A walk through of the potential Lyme disease diagnosis flow chart. [54:50] What is the likelihood of having a co-infection along with Lyme disease and what would be the appropriate course of action? [55:39] Potential alternate diagnosis options for someone that has experienced Lyme disease symptoms for a long period of time but has not received the diagnosis. [59:25] Seeking treatment at your low point means that your reactions are almost guaranteed to make you feel better almost immediately. [1:03:54] Do you have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook Integrative Healthcare Dr. Tom Moorcroft \xa0 Tweetables: “We want to advance medicine and help patients get the right diagnosis so they can get the right outcome.”\xa0 — Tom Moorcroft \xa0 “You just can’t make everyone who doesn’t have a clear diagnosis have Lyme disease. That’s just as bad not diagnosing Lyme in someone who clearly has it.” — Tom Moorcroft \xa0 “You have the power to make tons of changes in your life, with or without Lyme disease.” — Tom Moorcroft \xa0 “Your body can be willing to heal itself, but it’s your responsibility to provide it with the raw materials — the nutrition, the exercise, and the sleep — that’s required to heal.” — Tom Moorcroft \xa0 “You want to feel better, and I want you to feel better, but if you treat something that is not the real cause of your pain, you’re going to miss what is the real cause and stress out your body in ways that won’t be helpful.” — Dr. Christianson | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 On this episode we’re discussing lectins, the naturally occurring proteins that are found in most plants. Are they dangerous? Which ones are the most dangerous? What do you do about high lectin foods that are otherwise healthy? Lectins are a hot topic in today’s health conversations and the research seems to be both confusing and inconclusive. Joining me to break down this controversial topic is Dr. David Katz, author and founder of the Preventive Research Center. He has a strong background in public health and a solid understanding of how to weigh medical evidence accurately. He has joined me today to share his research-based opinions about the benefits and risks of keeping lectins in your diet. \xa0 In addition to our conversation about lectins we are going even deeper to look at the crucial importance of valuing research over opinion, the danger of allowing science to overcome common sense. We take a look at the benefits and risks of following current fad diets and the long-term implications of the clean meat movement. Dr. Katz also shares some insights into the books, initiatives and apps that he has developed to encourage greater health today. This conversation is about so much more than just lectins — it’s about the long-term effects of the health decisions that you make every day, and how you can know that you’re making the best decisions that will add years to your health and health to your years. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [:35] Today’s topic is lectins — exactly how dangerous they are and what you should do about them in your diet.\xa0 [1:55] Introducing David Katz, who offers an overview of lectins and where you can find them in your diet. [4:20] Looking at lectins with logic — research has proven that people who eat more legumes, fruits, vegetables, and grains have better health than those who don’t. [8:00] Lectin research and data that has been gathered has shown that lectins can bind red blood cells and slow the effects of cancer. [10:37] An overview of Dr. Katz’s new book The Truth About Food includes an in-depth look at the benefits and risks of lectins in your diet. [15:11] The importance of applying a fine lens filter when considering the benefit-to-risk ratio of any medical decision. [16:17] Dr. Katz’s five quantitative approaches to decision-making CARE — clinical applications of research evidence — include efficacy, safety, quality, what else is there for this condition? And patient preference. [20:12] Similarities between the Gundry lectin study and the parachute study and why you should be leery of both. [26:02] Why have food and nutrition succumbed to dogma and the domains of science? Consider the benefits reaped by big food, big pharma, big media, and big publishing companies. [32:12] The modern day threats to our hard-wired brains are coming at us in slow motion and with long-term effects. [34:50] What does the ketogenic diet have in common with cholera and a cocaine binge? They can all help you lose weight quickly with no regard to long-term health goals. [38:42] Natural science and the importance of being both responsible about the use of scientific evidence and responsive to patient needs when evidence is lacking. [40:51] Why the things that matter most will never be proven in RCTs, hierarchies of evidence, and how to understand what is true. [44:17] The usefulness of evidence threshold pathway mapping and the ultimate purpose that it serves. [46:15] Dr. Katz shares his opinion on the clean meat movement, from intake levels and sustainability to exploring meat alternatives. [49:47] What are the health effects of clean meat foods and what is the net environmental impact of producing synthetic meats? [51:23] Dr. Katz introduces Diet ID, a diet mapping app that captures the overall footprint and assessment of a diet. [55:29] Wrapping up the questions that we have discussed on this episode and the value of research that will give us the answers we need. [1:02:27] Do you have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 On this episode we’re going to wrap up our examination of current thyroid disease issues. Have you ever wondered if it is okay to take higher doses of thyroid medication, even if your blood tests say you’re getting too much? Many patients say that they don’t feel better until their hormone levels are much higher than is recommended. I’m joined today by Janie Bowthorpe, thyroid patient activist and author who feels it is important to disregard blood test results. Her own health was compromised when she developed thyroid disease and it wasn’t until she started dosing natural thyroid medication more accurately that she started to feel better. She has joined me to share her opinions on the best way to diagnose and treat thyroid disease, and to consider the many factors that affect thyroid health, including iron levels, cortisol problems, TSH levels, and adrenal problems. Janie is passionate about her calling and I thoroughly enjoyed learning more about her perspective and experiences as an advocate for thyroid patients.\xa0 \xa0 After the interview, I will follow-up on the key points of our conversation. I want you to consider the need for conducting high-quality studies and of the importance of understanding the many side effects and complications that may not be highlighted in patient-shared experiences. To do so, I will give you an overview of several studies regarding low TSH, each of which included a look at how low TSH levels can affect your body’s ability to manage free radicals, bone health, cardiovascular health, and total mortality rates. Once the facts are laid out, I will share my opinion on this important topic of thyroid disease and medication. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [:35] Today’s topic is the third of three segments on the topic of thyroid disease. [1:55] Introducing Janie Bowthorpe, who shares the health and medical experiences that led her to becoming a thyroid advocate. [5:23] The symptoms that led Janie to the diagnosis of thyroid disease only got worse over time, but she quickly she experienced a turnaround and stabilization once she started natural thyroid medication. [10:28] Janie’s calling to be an advocate for thyroid patients and a look at how her observations were reflected in large numbers of patients over time. [14:32] Defining ‘optimal doses’ in thyroid patients using dessicated thyroid means people feeling their best and staying that way. [20:27] Achieving optimal doses and identifying thyroid hormone resistance through patterns of groups of patients and genetic testing. [25:41] What are the concerns that come with TSH levels that are too low or too high? How do inadequate iron and cortisol problems play into these concerns? [30:43] Ferritin versus serum iron and considering the presence of inflammation and cortisol problems. [35:46] Are the benefits associated with TSH suppression worth the long-term health risks?\xa0 [39:40] Studies that have disregarded adrenal problems may not be as telling as patient-shared experiences. [43:54] Wrapping up with Janie Bowthorpe and her testimony of the importance of patients listening to other patients. [45:57] Should you ignore your TSH? Understanding your TSH as your pituitary gland telling your thyroid to work, and a look at what patients have experienced in trying to optimize it’s levels.\xa0 [48:47] My five criteria for reviewing evidence, and the importance of placing more weight on the evidence that is independent of the source it came from. [51:30] Understanding the treatment that thyroid patients have received from the medical community and a host of secondary problems that can contribute to feeling unwell despite thyroid stability. [54:08] What high-quality studies have been conducted to increase our understanding of what happens to people with low TSH levels? [59:02] Study results include redox pathways and the body’s antioxidant capacity, bone health as it relates to lumbar spine density and bone age, increase in inflammation, and increased mortality rates relative to decreasing TSH scores. [1:06:02] My recommendation for thyroid patients — based on the facts. [1:07:58] Do you have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook Stop the Thyroid Madness Stop the Thyroid Madness on Facebook  Stop the Thyroid Madness: A Patient Revolution Against Years of Inferior Treatment by Janie Bowthorpe Higher rates of mortality study — “Excess Mortality in Treated and Untreated Hyperthyroidism Is Related to Cumulative Periods of Low Serum TSH” Higher rates of heart attack study — “How Does Subclinical Hyperthyroidism Affect Right Heart Function and Mechanics?” Higher rates of hip fracture study — “Osteoporosis due to hyperthyroidism is worse when TSH signaling is lost” Higher rates of dementia study — “Subclinical hyperthyroidism and dementia: the Sao Paulo Ageing & Health Study (SPAH)” \xa0 Tweetables: “If you have any suspicion that you have true thyroid hormone resistance, you need to get the testing done.”\xa0 — Janie Bowthorpe \xa0 “There’s a big difference between opinion and experiences, and there are a lot of strong opinions in the medical field, which is why I didn’t go by opinion.” — Janie Bowthorpe \xa0 “By and large with good iron and good cortisol people should be able to tolerate raising natural thyroid doses even if TSH is suppressed.” — Dr. Alan Christianson \xa0 “There are many ways that someone with thyroid disease may not feel well, even if they have stable thyroid function back again.” — Dr. Alan Christianson | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 On this episode we’re going to continue our examination of the link between soy and thyroid disease. I want you to consider the sum total of knowledge on this topic and the general scientific consensus of evidence from real human studies, not just the shocking results of one or two outlier studies. To help with the conversation I’m joined by Anthony Dissen, professor of public health at Stockton University. He is a nutritionist and is active in many non-profits in the cancer world, and is a scholar of plants and specifically soy. \xa0 Anthony offers an overview of the general misunderstandings about soy, how soy got its bad name, and why eating a meat-based diet does not equate to avoiding a plant-based diet. We talk about the dangers of eating any one food in excess and how the body works in healthy but non-intuitive ways. We take a look at the link between soy and GMOs, thyroid cancer, breast cancer, and menopause, and discuss what ideal soy consumption amounts should look like for both omnivore and plant-based diets. Anthony’s shares his favorite way to eat soy, and offers two of his favorite quick recipes. I will then wrap up our conversation by sharing some of the findings that I’ve discovered in the years that I have spent studying soy and its effect on the health of the human body. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [:35] Today’s topic is the second of three segments on the correlation between soy and thyroid disease. [1:48] Introducing Anthony Dissen, who shares my perspective on the general misunderstanding from the medical community and the population at large about soy and its effect on the body’s overall health. [6:11] When did soy start to get such a bad name? [9:48] Eating a meat-based diet does not mean that you are avoiding a soy-based diet — consider what animals are fed before they are butchered. [11:28] What is in soy formula for infants, and how is it affecting child development? [14:28] Examining the link between soy and thyroid disease, including iodine deficiency, dietary goitrogens and autoimmune diseases. [18:42] The danger of eating any one food in excess is the same for soy, flaxseed, bok choy, mustard seeds or kale, because of their common goitrogenic properties. [25:08] Cooked or raw? How to enjoy your vegetables while minimizing goitrogenic properties. [26:00] GMOs and soy — understanding the difference between soy produced for animal and human consumption. [27:40] Parameters for normal soy consumption, healthy sea vegetables and safe iodine content. [32:45] Soy and breast cancer — are there benefits of soy for reducing risk of recurrent breast cancer, and what exactly are phytoestrogens doing to our bodies? [37:51] Soy and menopause — how does soy protect and maintain the health of an aging body? [42:22] Human studies that have proven that antinutrients are a non-issue with soy consumption. [45:55]\xa0 Anthony explains how increasing permeability could possibly be is a good thing. [49:02] What is the ideal amount of soy intake for a plant-based diet and an omnivore diet? [55:51] Is there any relevance between fermented and non-fermented soy? [58:15] The findings from my research on thyroid disease included three categories that I couldn’t explain away — soy formula with iodine, one study on siblings, and one study on hypothyroidism. [1:02:17] Wrapping up with Anthony — whether it’s soy food or not, any food that is being consumed in normal quantities can only be of benefit to your health. [1:04:06] Do you have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook  The Comprehensive (and Shocking) Guide to Soy and Thyroid Anthony Dissen, MPH, MA, RDN | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 On this episode we’re going to begin our examination of the link between soy and thyroid disease. As I have spent time deep in the research, my opinion of the correlation between the two has changed over the years. My goal for this three-episode series is to have conversations with people with strong views from both sides of the argument of the link between soy and thyroid disease. Each guest will present their perspectives on the topic and then afterward I will weigh out their evidence and discuss the results. \xa0 I’m first joined by Dr. Kaayla T. Daniel, PhD and author of The Whole Soy Story: The Dark Side to America’s Favorite Health Food. She shares her experience with studying soy and thyroid disease — from poor-quality research to studies that have been inconsistent in proving the effects of soy on the thyroid. Dr. Daniel highlights who is at greater risk for negative soy effects and also shares her top picks for soy in a healthy diet.\xa0 \xa0 After our conversation I will wrap up with my key takeaways, citational studies and a look at four main areas of health that can be affected by soy consumption — including breast cancer in menopausal women, perimenopausal symptoms, cardiovascular health, and bone density. The studies are conclusive and the evidence is clear, and you won’t want to miss the results I share on this first of three conversations about the highly important topic of thyroid disease and soy. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [:35] Today’s topic is the first of three segments on the correlation between soy and thyroid disease — and we’re looking at it from the angle of an anti-soy expert. [2:31] Introducing Dr. Kaayla Daniel, who shares her experiences with soy research and an overview of ayurvedic medicine and soy consumption in Asia. [7:05] A look at the numbers — how the correlation between cancer rates and soy consumption increases or decreases based on cancer type, how it affects symptoms of menopause, and its effect on cardiovascular health. [13:24] Dr. Daniel shares her findings about soy as it relates to thyroid health, it’s effects as a goitrogen, and a look at supporting research. [21:28] Studies that have been inconsistent in proving that soy does not have any effect on the thyroid often select humans that are not at risk for thyroid disease in the first place. [25:06] Understanding the iodine issues is not a simple, isolated factor to the soy issue, especially in people that already have health and thyroid problems. [29:15] Differentiating the effects of foreign xenobiotics (non-biologically derived estrogens) from plant phytoestrogens and how the body responds to each at different stages in the life cycle. [31:50] Dr. Daniel’s general health takeaways include understanding who is most at risk for negative soy effects, including vegans, menopausal women, and infants on soy-based formula.\xa0 [38:35] You may be surprised to hear that Dr. Daniel enjoys eating natto, tofu, and tempu, all of which she considers safest in moderation and when avoiding this list of highly processed soy foods. [44:25] A description of some of the best sources of soy, and what Dr. Daniel really thinks of the taste of natto. [48:25] Dr. Daniel’s work with debunking the dirty secrets of detoxification programs and one obvious reason that you can’t always trust studies at face value. [54:46] A look at the citational studies from my conversation with Dr. Daniel, including soy as a cause of cancer, soy affecting thyroid peroxidase, and the risks associated with feeding soy formula to infants. [1:00:17] Is there a drawback to avoiding soy? The evidence shows that soy may not simply be a neutral product to avoid but is actually beneficial to overall health. [1:01:29] Cardiovascular disease is the biggest killer of adult women, and it can be preventable in part by soy consumption. [1:04:02] Bone density and menopause studies show that soy consumption can have a positive effect on estrogen level status in females. [1:07:30] The breast cancer studies results that have shown that soy intake was a cause in lower risks of death or recurrence of cancer. [1:10:05] Large population studies results are conclusive — ‘soy supplementation has no effect on thyroid function’. [1:15:56] Do you have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook  The Comprehensive (and Shocking) Guide to Soy and Thyroid Dr. Kaayla T. Daniel, PhD  The Whole Soy Story: The Dark Side to America’s Favorite Health Food by Kaayla T. Daniel  Brian Strom Infant Soy-Based Formula Study Natto British Medical Journal Parachute Study | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 On this episode we’re talking about the connection between breast implants and thyroid disease. Awareness of Breast Implant Illness (BII) is growing in the medical community, and today we’re going to answer some of the most pressing questions surrounding this topic. Who is at a greater risk for developing an illness after implants? Is implant removal the only solution for those with Hashimoto’s disease? If you already have implants what are your options? There are many questions that have yet to be answered on this topic, but that didn’t stop me from diving into the literature to find out all I could about this controversial topic to share with you on today’s podcast. \xa0 I’m joined by America’s holistic plastic surgeon Dr. Anthony Youn, who performs up to 150 breast augmentation surgeries each year. We discuss the quality of research that is currently being conducted to help identify the correlation between breast augmentation and certain autoimmune diseases and what options are available to women who have already had implants. You’ll want to hear the advice that Dr. Youn gives to all women who are considering getting implants and why the one test that tells whether you will have implant complications may not be worth it’s $4,000 price tag. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [:33] Today’s topic is the connection between breast implants and thyroid disease. [1:55] Introducing Dr. Youn, who shares how his education and training taught him to view breast and thyroid disease issues. [3:51] An overview of the main confusion points around silicone breast implants, including the 1992 implant ban, FDA studies and subsequent ban lift in 2006, and the recent increase in stories from women suffering from illness and disease after undergoing silicone breast augmentation. [6:15] What questions are being researched in breast implant studies and who is funding these studies? Dr. Youn argues that the studies are not getting good answers because they’re not asking the right questions. [8:30] Studies that do support a connection between breast implants and illness, and a look at what Dr. Youn has seen in his own practice. [12:32] Dr. Youn’s recommendations to women who are prone to autoimmune diseases and are considering breast augmentation. [14:20] Have you already had breast implants? A look at the health risks versus benefits for removal of implants. [19:29] Understanding the correlation between ALCL cancer and textured or smooth silicone breast implants. [22:44] A look at the specific data surrounding Hashimoto's disease in relation to implants. [26:56] Is the silicon antibody test worth it’s $4,000 price tag? [29:10] The emotional aspect of breast implants and how it plays into making an educated, well-informed decision when considering implants. [33:26] The importance of educating yourself and making sure your decisions are backed by science, not emotion, in helping women make the right decision for their health. [34:28] Do you have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook Dr. Anthony Youn, M.D. Dr. Youn on Instagram  Dr. Youn’s Podcast on Breast Implant Illness | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 On this episode we’re talking about one of the most controversial topics in the medical field today — vaccines. Are vaccines safe and do you really need them to stay healthy? I’m joined by Dr. Max Cohen, naturopathic physician and passionate advocate for vaccines as an essential part of whole health natural care. Dr. Cohen has spent years studying the medical facts and dispelling the fiction behind vaccines.\xa0 Today we’re diving right into the controversy of vaccines and answering the hard questions that seem to be on everyone’s mind. What are vaccines made up of, and how exactly do they interact with the body’s immune system? Is there value in administering vaccines on an altered schedule? How effective is the flu shot? Does the MMR vaccine cause autism? Is there any danger associated with the HPV vaccine? \xa0 The information you will hear on this episode is designed to help educate you about vaccines so that you can act with confidence, and not with fear. Still, I am fully committed to sharing both sides of the story with you, and you may be surprised when you hear the vaccine-hesitant view of this conversation. On the second half of this podcast we will look at the vaccine controversy from the other side. Is speaking out against vaccines considered an exercise of freedom of speech? Does personal belief ever outweigh the common good of the public? I share experiences both from my own childhood and with vaccinating my own children, and explain how these experiences have helped to form the strong opinion that I have about vaccines today.\xa0 Join me as we consider both sides of this critical health debate — to educate yourself and to be inspired to act confidently on your knowledge. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [:35] Today’s topic is vaccines — are they safe? Do you really need them to stay healthy? A look at the facts on today’s podcast will help you make an informed decision about vaccinations. [2:20] Introducing Dr. Max Cohen, N. D., who shares his experience working with the development of the tuberculosis vaccine and the effect it has had on his career, his research, and his interactions with concerned patients. [7:30] A look at the controversy and history of vaccines shows that concerns over the safety of vaccines is nothing new, but that doesn’t make them any less safe than they have ever been. [9:47] Is there any health value in administering vaccines on an altered, spaced out schedule? Dr. Cohen explores the potential physical and mental side effects of delaying vaccines. [16:03] Are you wondering whether or not you should get a flu shot this year?\xa0 Consider these potential risks and side effects and weigh them against the benefits of this low-drama vaccine. [22:12] Vaccine reporting systems — who can file a report about a vaccine-related incident and what you can expect will happen after you do. [24:49] A look at the numbers — the risks of not getting a flu vaccination based on studies, complications, and annual deaths related to influenza. [30:30] Do MTHFR variations and other genetic polymorphisms increase the risk of a negative reaction to the flu vaccine? [34:55] High quality research has already answered our next question — the MMR vaccine does not cause autism. Dr. Cohen details the studies and data that proves why. [39:41] Consider the transparency that has come with vaccines from the industry, researchers, and pharmaceutical companies that all stand to benefit from pushing potentially unsafe vaccines. [42:47] The truth about administering vaccines in increased frequencies from past generations and a look at concerns about autoimmune diseases and the effects of vaccines, including the HPV vaccine. [48:38] Understanding causation versus correlation — and why treatments administered reactively seem to work better than treatments that are administered proactively. [51:33] What exactly goes into a vaccine?\xa0 Addressing your fears about aluminum, formaldehyde, thimerosal, environmental toxins and preservatives. [1:01:02] Gathering medical information may be easier than ever, but that doesn’t mean that what you’re reading online is accurate or what is best for your health.\xa0 [1:07:26] Wrapping up and connecting with Dr. Cohen. [1:08:38] My experience with trying to find a vaccine-hesitant speaker, and the importance of preserving freedom of speech in the face of fear. [1:15:17] Understanding why personal choice does not outweigh the public good, especially in matters of communicable diseases. [1:21:37] Breaking vaccines down — how do vaccines work and which elements of a vaccine are actually working with the body’s immune system to protect the body against illnesses? [1:26:27] The considerations of overcoming fear, probability, causation and correlation when understanding the side effects of vaccines. [1:31:00] Bad things in tiny amounts are actually good for you — what do broccoli and vaccines have in common? [1:33:45] Do you have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook Dr. Max Cohen, N.D. Dr. Max Cohen on Twitter VAERS Reporting System  Vaccine Safety Datalink NDs For Vaccines | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 On this first episode of Medical Myths, Legends and Fairy Tales I offer an overview of all that you can expect from each episode. We’re going to dive into controversial and misunderstood health topics and together we’re going to get your health to where it should be as quickly as possible. I share the path that has led me to a nutrition and natural medicine-focused life, and why I want the same thing for you. I explain how I’m going to take the confusion out of the data presented by my guests, how their information will be processed and rated, and the number one reason that you need to make informed health decision for yourself, starting today. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [:36] An overview of what you will learn on the Medical Myths, Legends, and Fairy Tales podcast. [1:52] How nutrition and natural medicine saved my life — twice. [7:42] What you can expect from the guests that will be presenting information and arguments on the show. [9:00] How evidence for the health topics discussed on the podcast will be rated, considered and filtered. [10:49] Understanding the confusion points that come with every health argument, including biases and placebos. [13:58] The reasons you need to make informed health decisions for yourself. [15:26] Have a topic you’d like me to cover? Contact me on Facebook or Instagram using #medicalmyths. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook | Between the latest online fads and the crazy media headlines, it’s easier than ever to get confused about your health. If you want to make better decisions about your health today so you can feel better and live longer, you’ve come to the right place. \xa0 If you’ve been confused or frustrated about the conflicting health information you’ve heard or seen online, you’re going to love the topics we’re going to cover on this podcast, including leaky gut, vaccines, soy, and grains. We’re going to dig deep, follow the evidence and figure out the best answers for your health. \xa0 Key Takeaways: [:01] A welcome and overview of the Medical Myths, Legends and Fairy Tales Podcast with Dr. Alan Christianson. \xa0 To learn more: www.drchristianson.com Dr. Christianson on Instagram Dr. Christianson on Facebook", 'chan_desc': "New York Times best-selling author and distinguished thyroid care expert, Dr. Alan Christianson dives deep into today's big controversies like vaccines, grains, and soy. We explore the unexpected side of things you never thought were controversial like leaky gut, pesticides, and fructose. The goal is not to shock or outrage, but to help us all learn to cling tightly to our health, and cling loosely to our ideas. Feel an unprecedented sense of being able to communicate with love, concern, and science - and help us get back on track.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/62/97/85/6297854d-169d-335f-ef64-f816a7193575/mza_5634764254476971858.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-06-04'}}

{'ASHA Voices': {'title': 'ASHA Voices', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/ASHA-Voices-id2308064', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA)', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 22, 'play_count': 35, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.blubrry.com/asha_voices/'], 'ep_total': 3, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-26', '00:27:16', 0], ['2019-09-12', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-08-27', '--:--:--', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Listen in for a conversation about health care trends, patient outcomes, and the evolving role of speech language pathologists in skilled nursing facilities. We’ll hear from ASHA’s director of Health Care Services and a panel of SLPs in leadership roles at rehab companies. We’ll discuss both challenges and opportunities they see in this time of change.\xa0Acronym Guide:PDPM - Patient Driven Payment Model; SNF - Skilled Nursing Facility; CMS - Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; RUG-IV - Resource Utilization Group; MDS - Minimum Data Set | On the first episode of ASHA Voices, we take a look at the intersection of cognitive-communication disorders (CCDs) and the justice system. | Get a preview of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association's new podcast.", 'chan_desc': 'A show about how we communicate and how that communication changes our lives.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/9b/9f/b6/9b9fb6dd-66d9-e385-0f1b-0a68cc05e963/mza_5421707538506735370.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-08-27'}}

{'MedMaster Show (Nursing Podcast: Pharmacology and Medications for Nurses and Nursing Students by NRSNG)': {'title': 'MedMaster Show (Nursing Podcast: Pharmacology and Medications for Nurses and Nursing Students by NRSNG)', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/MedMaster-Show-(Nursing-Podcast%3A-Pharmacology-and-Medications-for-Nurses-and-Nursing-Students-by-NRSNG)-id261686', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Critical Care Nurse & NCLEX Educator', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3822, 'play_count': 28489, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.nrsng.com/motd/'], 'ep_total': 166, 'recent_eps': [['2019-05-09', '00:15:11', 0], ['2019-04-12', '00:10:15', 2], ['2019-01-14', '00:06:02', 0], ['2019-01-11', '00:02:32', 1], ['2018-12-28', '00:01:54', 1], ['2018-12-25', '00:02:09', 0], ['2018-12-21', '00:01:54', 0], ['2018-12-11', '00:02:01', 2], ['2018-12-07', '00:03:15', 1], ['2018-12-04', '00:02:16', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'I got a text from my sister, who was in the hospital for induction, at 1:30am that rocked my world. She text me and told me that her nurse – the nurse who will be receiving my new nephew into … ContinuedThe post Why I Give A Shit (or what is your mission statement) appeared first on NRSNG. | Today’s question comes from a nursing student who says she went from being an A+ Student to barely passing. . . here are my tips for getting her grades back up. \xa0Check out our nursing practice questions! Hey guys, Jon … ContinuedThe post Ep36: A+ Student to Barely Passing . . . Help! appeared first on NRSNG. | I’m pumped to share the brand new NRSNG Podcast app with y’all.\xa0 I call it the NRSNG Radio app . . . we’ve taken all of our podcasts and put them into an easy to use app so you can … ContinuedThe post The NRSNG Radio App Is Live . . . And It’s Free appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Verapamil (Isoptin) Nursing Pharmacology Considerations appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Tetracycline (Doxycycline) Nursing Pharmacology Considerations appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Tertbutaline (Brethaire) Nursing Pharmacology Considerations appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Sucralfate (Carafate) Nursing Pharmacology Considerations appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Sertraline (Zoloft) Nursing Pharmacology Considerations appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Salmeterol (Serevent) Nursing Pharmacology Considerations appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Rifampin (Rimactane) Nursing Pharmacology Considerations appeared first on NRSNG.', 'chan_desc': "Brought to you by NRSNG.com, based on their #1 Online Nursing Pharmacology Course . . . MedMaster Course.Visit NRSNG.com/50meds to get our list of the 50 most prescribed medications.The 140 MUST KNOW medications for nurses and nursing students.  Each episode will discuss a commonly used medication in hospitals and ICUs that we as nurses will use each day.  The #1 medication and pharmacology podcast.This is the perfect podcast for nursing students preparing for the NCLEX or practicing nurses preparing for the CCRN or other exams who want to increase their knowledge of pharmacology and pathopharm.  The podcast for nurses and nursing students!  Are you ready to sky rocket your nursing career to the next level? We cover test preparation (NCLEX CCRN etc), work life balance, pharmacology, theory, and more. Nursing is hard . . . learning it doesn't have to be! Jon Haws RN, the host has worked as a critical care registered nurse in a Level I Trauma hospital in Dallas, TX. Jon is the creator of NRSNG.com.  Visit the site and check out the books on Amazon.com We discuss current trends in the ICU, anatomy, physiology, nursing care, and much more.  For full disclaimer information visit: NRSNG.com/about.NCLEX®, NCLEX-RN® are registered trademarks of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing, INC.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/d8/ed/aa/d8edaa60-66d7-3623-f21a-796c637d0c3d/mza_4627424332985620265.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-11-17'}}

{'Med-Surg Moments - The AMSN Podcast': {'title': 'Med-Surg Moments - The AMSN Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Med-Surg-Moments-The-AMSN-Podcast-id2016917', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Academy of Medical-Surgical Nurses', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 42, 'play_count': 246, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.medsurgmoments.com'], 'ep_total': 16, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:28:25', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:27:37', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:38:35', 0], ['2019-08-23', '00:25:00', 0], ['2019-08-02', '00:24:24', 1], ['2019-07-19', '00:24:26', 0], ['2019-07-05', '00:24:16', 0], ['2019-06-21', '00:31:40', 0], ['2019-06-07', '00:27:15', 0], ['2019-05-24', '00:26:37', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this special episode, recorded live at the 2019 AMSN Convention, the Med-Surg Moments Hosts converge on the exhibit hall floor in Chicago to share their reflections and insights about the AMSN Convention and their journey as hosts of Med-Surg Moments, the AMSN Podcast. Alissa Brown, BSN, MSN, RN, FNE\xa0is a clinical nurse educator from the University of Utah Health. She has been working in the health care industry for almost 12 years, and started her nursing career as a med-surg bedside nurse on an Ortho, Trauma, and Surgical Specialty Unit. It was through that experience in the med-surg unit where she discovered a passion for education, and pursued a master’s degree. She is a lifelong learner, and\xa0loves to teach.\xa0 Born and raised in Salt Lake City, Utah, she\'s not all work, and definitely enjoys play! She loves to travel, and tries to plan as many vacations each year as she can with family and friends. Alissa loves\xa0to read, listen to podcasts, and geek out to documentaries and crime shows on the weekends. She\'s a total fair weather fan when it comes to Utes Football, but will cheer in all the right places,\xa0or\xa0get mad when her husband\xa0tells her to\xa0during a game. Alissa is looking\xa0forward to\xa0conversations together on this AMSN podcast! Evie Harris, BSN, MA, RN, FNE lives and works in Baltimore, MD and has been\xa0an RN for 4 years, and is also a\xa0Forensic Nurse Examiner.\xa0She works on a busy med-surg\xa0unit in the roles of staff RN, Charge RN, unit education council representative,\xa0& preceptor.\xa0Evie has previous careers in management, teaching, & on-air radio co-producer/co-host. Her future career goals include nurse management &\xa0nurse administration, as well as\xa0nursing entrepreneurial endeavors.\xa0Evie enjoys spending time with her daughter, traveling, laughing at all things, and anywhere there is music, you will find her\xa0singing & dancing, even at work, with her patients & colleagues.\xa0 Chelsea Parker RN, BSN, CMSRN was born and raised in Newport News, Virginia. She attended the University of Virginia and graduated in 2016 with a Bachelor’s of Science in Nursing. Since then she has pursued geriatric and palliative care nursing and developed a love for general medicine, which is where her foundation for med-surg nursing was built. As a young nurse looking for ways to bridge engagement between generations of nurses, she is excited about what this podcast will mean for AMSN.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | In this episode, we’re deepening our understanding of evidence-based practice and talking about how to effectively promote evidence-based practice within your hospital or organization. GUESTS Jill Arzouman, DNP, RN, ACNS, BC, CMSRN is a Clinical Nurse Specialist and the Director of Nursing Professional Practice for Banner University Medical Center Tucson and South Campuses and Clinics. She co-leads the Evidence Based Practice Fellowship for Banner Health’s 28 hospital system. Jill has an academic appointment at the University of Arizona and oversees all DNP capstone projects that are conducted at her facilities. She is a past president of the Academy of Medical-Surgical Nurses and has been an active member of the organization for over 20 years.\xa0 In addition, she serves as a mentor for the FULD Institute for Evidence Based Practice. Lynn Gallagher-Ford PhD, RN, NE-BC, DPFNAP, FAAN is senior director and clinical core director of the Helene Fuld Health Trust National Institute for Evidence-based Practice in Nursing and Healthcare, and clinical associate professor, College of Nursing, all at The Ohio State University. Gallagher-Ford’s clinical background in maternal-child health and nursing administration spans 30 years. She served in a variety of roles ranging from bedside clinician to chief nursing officer, in which she gained extensive experience and expertise in teaching and implementing evidence-based practice in real-world clinical settings. HOST Caroline Ashman, MSN, RN, CMSRN was born and raised in England. She had two dreams in life – to become a nurse and live in the United States. She accomplished the first task in 1985 and then in 1991, immigrated to America. She currently serves as a Division Director for Medical Surgical Education for HCA. She has also been afforded the wonderful opportunity to teach Med Surg Review Courses across the United States and in Europe for AMSN. Collecting air miles and sharing stores along the way, she is thrilled to join the Podcast team and recognize that the specialty of medical surgical nursing is alive and well. Caroline lives with her husband Jimmy, in Tampa, FL and has two grown daughters, Jennifer & Emily. \xa0 | There is a new epidemiological reality in our country.\xa0 In 2018, the Centers for Disease Control announced for the second year in a row that life expectancy has fallen, driven in large part by suicides, drug overdoses, obesity, and chronic diseases. The term “diseases of despair” has been used to describe many of the conditions that are crippling our nation’s workforce and it is well-known that other developed nations outperform the United States in health rankings, despite our spending far more than other nations on health care.\xa0 In this episode, we’re talking about how these new realities and unmet needs are changing the nursing work environment and the important role nurses will play in the future of healthcare. GUEST Patricia (Polly) Pittman, PhD, FAAN is Professor of Health Policy and Management at the Milken Institute School of Public Health, with a secondary appointment in the School of Nursing, George Washington University. She serves as the Director of the Fitshugh Mullan Institute for Health Workforce Equity, and is the PI on two HRSA-supported Health Workforce Research Centers, focusing on (1) emerging workforce issues and (2) health equity in health professions’ education, respectively.\xa0 Trained in medical anthropology and public health, she is an expert on qualitative and mixed methods research designs focusing on delivery system changes.\xa0 She has published over 50 peer-reviewed journal articles and has served as PI on over 30 research grants relating to health workforce policy. These include a background paper commissioned by Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) for the new National Academies of Medicine Committee on Nursing 2020-2030, and a series of studies that were commissioned to inform the 2010 Institute of Medicine’s Future of Nursing report. She teaches Advanced Health Policy Analysis and Health Workforce Policy in the GW School of Public Health. HOST Alissa Brown, BSN, MSN, RN, FNE\xa0is a clinical nurse educator from the University of Utah Health. She has been working in the health care industry for almost 12 years, and started her nursing career as a med-surg bedside nurse on an Ortho, Trauma, and Surgical Specialty Unit. It was through that experience in the med-surg unit where she discovered a passion for education, and pursued a master’s degree. She is a lifelong learner, and\xa0loves to teach.\xa0 Born and raised in Salt Lake City, Utah, she\'s not all work, and definitely enjoys play! She loves to travel, and tries to plan as many vacations each year as she can with family and friends. Alissa loves\xa0to read, listen to podcasts, and geek out to documentaries and crime shows on the weekends. She\'s a total fair-weather fan when it comes to Utes Football, but will cheer in all the right places,\xa0or\xa0get mad when her husband\xa0tells her to\xa0during a game. Alissa is looking\xa0forward to\xa0conversations together on this AMSN podcast! \xa0 | We are confronted by violence in the news daily but who imagined that violence would reach the bedside? Violence caused by patients and visitors is an international problem that continues to worsen in its frequency and severity.\xa0 In this episode, we talk to two advanced practice nurses who have led the charge in the Cleveland Clinic\'s response to violence in the workplace. GUESTS Dianna Copley, MSN, APRN, ACCNS-AG, CCRN serves as Clinical Nurse Specialist at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio where she covers three high acuity Internal Medicine telemetry units. Since starting her nursing career at the Cleveland Clinic in 2009, she has served on a number of hospital committees and was involved in the development of a quality survey to explore nursing caregivers’ experience of workplace violence committed by patients and visitors. Catherine Skowronsky, MSN, RN, ACNS-BC, CMSRN is a clinical nurse specialist (CNS) for the Cleveland Clinic Health System. Catherine focuses on care of the medical patient with co-morbid behavioral health needs. Her role includes offering expert consultation on care planning, therapeutic communication and safety to the bedside nurse. This role requires her to act as a liaison between psychiatric and medical providers. She has written protocols to guide care of the patient who ingests foreign bodies and patients with substance use disorder. Catherine served as the medical-surgical adviser to develop national competencies for the medical-surgical nurse caring for the patient at risk for suicide. She is an experienced presenter and public speaker, often offering educational presentations within the health system and at local, national and international conferences. From 2011 through 2018 she traveled overseas to provide continuing education for the U.S Department of State. Skowronsky’s publishing experience entails authoring the manuscript “Close Observation of Medical Patients with Complex Conditions to Prevent Falls and Minimize the use of Patient Care Companions.” which was published in the Journal of Nursing Care Quality. She was a content reviewer for the AMSN Core Curriculum chapter on the respiratory system. Skowronsky is also the presenter of “But I’m not a Psych Nurse: Care of the psychiatric patient on the medical surgical unit”. HOST Chelsea Parker RN, BSN, CMSRN was born and raised in Newport News, Virginia. She attended the University of Virginia and graduated in 2016 with a Bachelor’s of Science in Nursing. Since then she has pursued geriatric and palliative care nursing and developed a love for general medicine, which is where her foundation for med-surg nursing was built. As a young nurse looking for ways to bridge engagement between generations of nurses, she is excited about what this podcast will mean for AMSN.\xa0 \xa0 | In this episode, we\'re "gabbing" about a unique and fun twist on how to create a positive and enhanced work environment with acclaimed speaker, award-winning humorist, and two-time cancer survivor Conor Cunneen. GUEST Conor Cunneen is a\xa0happily exiled Irishman who has been working on his Chicago accent for twenty years – with little success!\xa0He is an acclaimed speaker, educator and an\xa0award-winning\xa0humorist who combines wit and wisdom to provide powerful and memorable programs to help you get through the good days and the bad days.\xa0Conor\'s\xa0objective is to leave you with a spring in\xa0the\xa0step, a smile on\xa0the\xa0face, a beat in\xa0the\xa0heart AND\xa0memorable,\xa0implementable ideas to make your\xa0unit and patient experience even better.\xa0 As a two-time cancer survivor, this Irishman says a silent prayer every\xa0day for the\xa0med-surge professionals who helped him through thyroid and prostate cancer.\xa0\xa0He is delighted to bring the Gift of GAB\xa0(Goals, Attitude, Behavior)\xa0to\xa0the\xa0caring professionals\xa0at\xa0AMSN 2019.\xa0\xa0Based in the United States for 18 years, Conor is a very proud recipient of the President\'s Gold Medal for Volunteer Service for the work he does with job seekers. \xa0 \xa0 HOST Evie Harris, BSN, MA, RN, FNE lives and works in Baltimore, MD and has been\xa0an RN for 4 years, and is also a\xa0Forensic Nurse Examiner.\xa0She works on a busy med-surg\xa0unit in the roles of staff RN, Charge RN, unit education council representative,\xa0& preceptor.\xa0Evie has previous careers in management, teaching, & on-air radio co-producer/co-host. Her future career goals include nurse management &\xa0nurse administration, as well as\xa0nursing entrepreneurial endeavors.\xa0Evie enjoys spending time with her daughter, traveling, laughing at all things, and anywhere there is music, you will find her\xa0singing & dancing, even at work, with her patients & colleagues.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | In this special episode, we’re bringing the experts together to talk about the experience that awaits you at the Annual AMSN Convention. GUESTS Maureen Murphy, BS-HCA, RN, CMSRN, Chair of the 2019 AMSN Convention Program Planning Committee Katie Locke, Membership Manager for the Academy of Medical-Surgical Nurses HOST Caroline Ashman, MSN, RN, CMSRN | The medical professionals who are directly involved with an unanticipated adverse patient event are deeply affected and many times unaware of the underlying impact to themselves.\xa0 Many experience overwhelming anxiety, cannot return to work, their family lives are affected and they\'re reluctant to reach out for help.\xa0 These particular medical professionals are experiencing Second Victim Syndrome.\xa0 In this episode, we will talk about the help and resources that are available for our second victims and, most importantly, to let you know that you are not alone. GUEST  Susan D. Scott, PhD, RN, CPPS \xa0 HOST  Evie Harris, BSN, MA, RN, FNE | In this episode, we focus on cultural understanding and the unique needs of LGBTQ patients.\xa0What can we do as med-surg nurses to make care more accessible to this population?\xa0How do we approach or illicit this information from patients?\xa0 Find out the answers and gain new insights in this special episode. Below is a link to The Gender Unicorn educational resource referenced in the episode: http://www.transstudent.org/gender  GUESTS  Francis Mijares, FNP-C  Sarah Fettke HOST  Alissa Brown, BSN, MSN, RN, FNE\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | In this episode, the Med-Surg Moments Co-Hosts come together for a special round table conversation focusing on their latest learnings, a nurse-to-nurse conversation about self-care, and reflections on their role as co-hosts of the podcast.  | In this episode, we explore mentoring and coaching specifically, what’s similar, what’s different and, most importantly, what does the literature say in support of these two initiatives.\xa0 GUEST - COL (RET) Linda Yoder, PhD, MBA, RN, AOCN, FAAN  HOST - Caroline Ashman, MSN, RN, CMSRN\xa0 ', 'chan_desc': 'Med-Surg Moments is the official podcast of the Academy of Medical-Surgical Nurses (AMSN).  Our podcast offers an engaging look at the lives of - and surrounding- medical-surgical nurses. We’ll have guests on from every corner of the industry, bringing you stories that are relatable and compelling on myriad topics. \xa0Our goal is to bring you interesting perspectives and insights that will serve you at any step of your nursing career. \xa0We truly intend this podcast to be an exciting, interesting go-to source for our listeners, and Med-Surg Moments will creatively incorporate voices from all backgrounds, to help highlight the issues facing you in our medical-surgical nursing community. You can be assured we’ll do our very best to bring this podcast, always, with personality and compassion, and accuracy in our coverage.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/7d/d1/33/7dd13372-057e-c19f-5b1c-221074b6f9cb/mza_8544336459393602871.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-02-08'}}

{'Bedside Rounds': {'title': 'Bedside Rounds', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Bedside-Rounds-id480823', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Adam Rodman MD MPH FACP', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1517, 'play_count': 19274, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.bedside-rounds.org'], 'ep_total': 56, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-29', '00:43:27', 1], ['2019-08-29', '00:39:51', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:39:51', 0], ['2019-07-25', '00:22:46', 0], ['2019-06-23', '00:44:24', 1], ['2019-05-19', '00:38:18', 0], ['2019-04-21', '01:09:43', 1], ['2019-03-24', '00:42:52', 1], ['2019-02-17', '00:43:05', 0], ['2019-01-13', '00:39:44', 3]], 'hover_text_concat': 'The world before anesthesia was brutal -- surgeons inflicted torture on largely conscious patients, hoping to finish an operation as quickly as possible. But all of that changed with the introduction of inhaled ether. This episode covers the context behind the discovery of etherization, with myths about screaming medicinal plants, a “missing recipe” of medieval general anesthesia, 19th century recreational drug use, and a controversy carved in granite. \xa0 Sources:  Brown, M. The Palgrave Handbook of the History of Surgery. 327–348 (2017). doi:10.1057/978-1-349-95260-1_16\xa0 Dorrington, K. & Poole, W. The first intravenous anaesthetic: how well was it managed and its potential realized? Bja Br J Anaesth 110, 7–12 (2013).\xa0 Robinson, D. H. & Toledo, A. H. Historical Development of Modern Anesthesia. J Invest Surg 25, 141–149 (2012).\xa0 Chidiac, E. J., Kaddoum, R. N. & Fuleihan, S. F. Mandragora. Anesthesia Analgesia 115, 1437–1441 (2012).\xa0 Vargas, I. Ether Frolic: The Day Pain Stopped. Bulletin Anesthesia Hist 28, 53–56 (2010).\xa0 Whalen, F. X., Bacon, D. R. & Smith, H. M. Inhaled anesthetics: an historical overview. Best Pract Res Clin Anaesthesiol 19, 323–330 (2005).\xa0 Prioreschi, P. Medieval anesthesia – the spongia somnifera. Med Hypotheses 61, 213–219 (2003).\xa0 Stallings, S. & Montagne, M. A chronicle of anesthesia discovery in New England. Pharm Hist 35, 77–80 (1993).\xa0 Litoff, J. & Pernick, M. S. A Calculus of Suffering: Pain, Professionalism, and Anesthesia in Nineteenth-Century America. Am Hist Rev 91, 176 (1986).\xa0 Leake, C. D. Letheon: The Cadenced Story of Anesthesia. Science 199, 857–860 (1978).\xa0 CRAWFORD W. LONG (1815-1878) DISCOVERER OF ETHER FOR ANESTHESIA. Jama 194, 1008–1009 (1965).\xa0 Riches, E. Samuel Pepys and His Stones. J Urology 118, 148–151 (1977).\xa0 CWRIGHT, F. The early history of ether. Anaesthesia 15, 67–69 (1960).\xa0 Insensibility during Surgical Operations Produced by Inhalation. New Engl J Medicine 35, 379–382 (1846).\xa0 SURGICAL HUMBUG. Lancet 5, 646–647 (1826).\xa0  Locations in Boston: Ether Monument (https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/ether-monument) Ether Dome (https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/ether-dome?utm_source=atlas-forum&utm_medium=referral) Warren Anatomic Museum (https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/warren-anatomical-museum) | Because of dad brain, the original musical tracks for episode 48 were offset by almost 30 seconds (even more embarrassing, because I actually LISTENED to it before uploading). I\'ve fixed the audio for the original episode, but anyone who downloaded it already is stuck with the bad audio version. Because of limitations in the podcasting medium, the only way I can get a new episode to those who have downloaded but haven\'t listened yet is to release a new episode to the feed. Eventually (maybe after a month or so) I will delete this, so only the fixed original remains. \xa0 Sorry for the inconvenience guys!\xa0 | Germs are regarded today with a combination of fear and disgust. But mankind’s first introduction to the microbial world started off on a very different foot. In this episode, as part of a larger series contextualizing germ theory, we’ll talk about the discovery of animalcules and how they forever changed our conception of the natural world -- and what causes disease. Plus, a new #AdamAnswers about the influence of Bayes Theorem on medicine! \xa0 Sources:  Albury WR, Marie-Francois-Xavier Bichat, Encyclopedia of Life Science, 2001.\xa0 Ball CS, The Early History of the Compound Microscope, Bios, Vol 37, No2 (May 1966). Findlen P, Athanasius Kircher: The Last Man Who Knew Everything.\xa0 Feinstein AR, “An Analysis of Diagnostic Reasoning,” Yale Journal of Biology and Medicine, 1973. Forsberg L.Nature\'s Invisibilia: The Victorian Microscope and the Miniature Fairy, Victorian Studies 2015. Gest H. The discovery of microorganisms by Robert Hooke and Antoni van Leeuwenhoek, Fellows of The Royal Society. Notes and Records of the Royal Society of Lond, 2004.\xa0 Hall, GH, The Clinical Application of Bayes Theorem, The Lancet, September 9, 1967.\xa0 Howard-Jones N, Fracastoro and Henle: A Re-Appraisal of their Contribution to the Concept of Communicable Diseases,” Medical History, 1977, 21: 61-68. Lane N, The unseen world: reflections on Leeuwenhoek (1677) ‘Concerning little animals’. Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society, 19 April 2015.\xa0 Lawson I, Crafting the microworld: how Robert Hooke constructed knowledge about small things, Notes and Records of the Royal Society of Lond, 2015. McLeMee S, Athanasius Kirchehr, Dude of Wonders, The Chronicle of Higher Education, May 28, 2002.\xa0 Van Leeuwenhoek A, Observations, communicated to the publisher by Mr. Antony van Leewenhoeck, in a dutch letter of the 9th Octob. 1676. here English\'d: concerning little animals by him observed in rain-well-sea- and snow water; as also in water wherein pepper had lain infused (https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/10.1098/rstl.1677.0003) “Little worms which propagate plague,” J R Coll Physicians Edinb, 2008.\xa0 Van Zuylen J, “The microscopes of Antoni van Leeuwenhoek,” Journal of Microscopy., 1981.   Music from https://filmmusic.io, "Wholesome," “Pookatori and Friends,” and\xa0 by Kevin MacLeod (https://incompetech.com). License: CC BY | Bedside Rounds is on a summer vacation! In the meantime, I\'m joined by journalist Dan Weissmann of the podcast An Arm and a Leg to talk about the tawdry history of the discovery of insulin.\xa0 | Can we ever know what causes a chronic disease? In this episode, I’m joined again by Dr. Shoshana Herzig to finish a three-part miniseries on Bradford Hill and Doll’s attempts to prove that smoking caused lung cancer. We’ll talk about the first prospective cohort trial in history, 1960s “Fake News” from tobacco companies, public spats with the most famous statistician of the 20th century, and the development of the Bradford Hill Criteria, a guideline, however imperfect, that gives doctors a blueprint to finally figure out what causes diseases.  Sources:  Crofton J, The MRC randomized trial of streptomycin and its legacy: a view from the clinical front line. J R Soc Med. 2006 Oct; 99(10): 531–534. Daniels M and Bradford Hill A, Chemotherapy of Pulmonary Tuberculosis in Young Adults, Br Med J. 1952 May 31; 1(4769): 1162–1168. Dangers of Cigarette-smoking. Brit Med J 1, 1518 (1957). Doll, R. & Hill, B. A. Lung Cancer and Other Causes of Death in Relation to Smoking. Brit Med J 2, 1071 (1956). Doll, R. & Hill, B. A. Smoking and Carcinoma of the Lung. Brit Med J 2, 739 (1950). Hill, A. The Environment and Disease: Association or Causation? J Roy Soc Med 58, 295–300 (1965). HOFFMAN, F. L. CANCER AND SMOKING HABITS. Ann Surg 93, 50–67 (1931). Keating C, Smoking Kills: The Revolutionary Life of Richard Doll. 2009. Morabia, A. Quality, originality, and significance of the 1939 “Tobacco consumption and lung carcinoma” article by Mueller, including translation of a section of the paper. Prev Med 55, 171–177 (2012). Ochsner, A. & bakey. Primary pulmonary malignancy: treatment by total pneumonectomy; analysis of 79 collected cases and presentation of 7 personal cases. Ochsner J 1, 109–25 (1999). Ochsner, A. My first recognition of the relationship of smoking and lung cancer. Prev Med 2, 611–614 (1973). Parascandola, M. Two approaches to etiology: the debate over smoking and lung cancer in the 1950s. Endeavour 28, 81–86 (2004). Phillips, C. V. & Goodman, K. J. The missed lessons of Sir Austin Bradford Hill. Epidemiologic Perspectives Innovations 1, 1–5 (2004). Proctor, R. Angel H Roffo: the forgotten father of experimental tobacco carcinogenesis. B World Health Organ 84, 494–495 (2006). Wynder, E. RE: “WHEN GENIUS ERRS: R. A. FISHER AND THE LUNG CANCER CONTROVERSY”. Am J Epidemiol 134, 1467–9 (1991).  | Does smoking cause lung cancer? How could you ever know? The second in a three-part series on causality, I’m joined by Dr. Shoshana Herzig to discuss how Austin Bradford Hill and Richard Doll set out to try and answer this question -- and along the way revolutionized the way we think about what causes disease. In this episode, we’ll talk about the first double-blinded randomized controlled trial, the long shadow of tuberculosis, and why epidemiology is beautiful. Plus, a brand new #AdamAnswers about chest compressions! Please support Bedside Rounds by filling out the listener demographic survey:\xa0https://survey.libsyn.com/bedsiderounds Sources:  Bost TC. Cardiac arrest during anaesthesia and surgical operations. Am J Surg 1952;83: 135-4 Council, T. Tobacco Smoking and Lung Cancer. Brit Med J 1, 1523 (1957). Crofton J, The MRC randomized trial of streptomycin and its legacy: a view from the clinical front line. J R Soc Med. 2006 Oct; 99(10): 531–534. Daniels M and Bradford Hill A, Chemotherapy of Pulmonary Tuberculosis in Young Adults, Br Med J. 1952 May 31; 1(4769): 1162–1168. Dangers of Cigarette-smoking. Brit Med J 1, 1518 (1957). Doll, R. & Hill, B. A. Lung Cancer and Other Causes of Death in Relation to Smoking. Brit Med J 2, 1071 (1956). Doll, R. & Hill, B. A. Smoking and Carcinoma of the Lung. Brit Med J 2, 739 (1950). Hill, A. The Environment and Disease: Association or Causation? J Roy Soc Med 58, 295–300 (1965). HOFFMAN, F. L. CANCER AND SMOKING HABITS. Ann Surg 93, 50–67 (1931). Hurt R, Modern cardiopulmonary resuscitation—not so new after all. J R Soc Med. 2005 Jul; 98(7): 327–331. Keating C, Smoking Kills: The Revolutionary Life of Richard Doll. 2009. Keith A, Three Hunterian Lectures ON THE MECHANISM UNDERLYING THE VARIOUS METHODS OF ARTIFICIAL RESPIRATION PRACTISED SINCE THE FOUNDATION OF THE ROYAL HUMANE SOCIETY IN 1774. (1909). The Lancet, 173(4464), 825–828. Kouwenhoven WB et al, Closed-chest cardiac massage, JAMA, JAMA. 1960;173(10):1064-1067. Morabia, A. Quality, originality, and significance of the 1939 “Tobacco consumption and lung carcinoma” article by Mueller, including translation of a section of the paper. Prev Med 55, 171–177 (2012). Ochsner, A. & bakey. Primary pulmonary malignancy: treatment by total pneumonectomy; analysis of 79 collected cases and presentation of 7 personal cases. Ochsner J 1, 109–25 (1999). Ochsner, A. My first recognition of the relationship of smoking and lung cancer. Prev Med 2, 611–614 (1973). Parascandola, M. Two approaches to etiology: the debate over smoking and lung cancer in the 1950s. Endeavour 28, 81–86 (2004). Phillips, C. V. & Goodman, K. J. The missed lessons of Sir Austin Bradford Hill. Epidemiologic Perspectives Innovations 1, 1–5 (2004). Proctor, R. Angel H Roffo: the forgotten father of experimental tobacco carcinogenesis. B World Health Organ 84, 494–495 (2006). Wynder, E. RE: “WHEN GENIUS ERRS: R. A. FISHER AND THE LUNG CANCER CONTROVERSY”. Am J Epidemiol 134, 1467–9 (1991).  | In 1495, a mysterious and deadly plague struck the city of Naples. Over the next 500 years, the medical attempts to understand and treat this new disease -- syphilis -- would mold and shape medicine in surprising ways. In this episode, Tony Breu and I will perform an historical and physiological biography of syphilis, covering the development of germ theory, epic poetry, mercury saunas, intentionally infecting patients with malaria, magic bullets, and lots and lots of experiments on poor rabbits. This presentation was performed live at the American College of Physicians’ national meeting in Philadelphia on April 11, 2019. \xa0 Sources (WARNING -- LONG LIST): \xa0  Swain, K. ‘Extraordinarily arduous and fraught with danger’: syphilis, Salvarsan, and general paresis of the insane. Lancet Psychiatry 5, (2018).  \xa0  Kępa, M. et al. Analysis of mercury levels in historical bone material from syphilitic subjects – pilot studies (short report). Kępa Małgorzata 69, 367-377(11) (2012).  \xa0  Forrai, J. Syphilis - Recognition, Description and Diagnosis. (2011). doi:10.5772/24205  \xa0  Parascandola, J. From mercury to miracle drugs: syphilis therapy over the centuries. Pharm Hist 51, 14–23 (2009).  \xa0  Eisler, C. Who Is Dürer’s ‘Syphilitic Man’? Perspect Biol Med 52, 48–60 (2009).  \xa0  Rothschild, B. M. History of Syphilis. Clin Infect Dis 40, 1454–1463 (2005).  \xa0  Schwartz, R. S. Paul Ehrlich’s Magic Bullets. New Engl J Medicine 350, 1079–1080 (2004).  \xa0  Fee, E. The wages of sin. Lancet 354, SIV61 (1999).  \xa0  O’Shea, J. ‘Two Minutes with Venus, Two Years with Mercury’-Mercury as an Antisyphilitic Chemotherapeutic Agent. J Roy Soc Med 83, 392–395 (1989).  \xa0  Mahoney, J., Arnold, R., Sterner, B. L., Harris, A. & Zwally, M. Penicillin Treatment of Early Syphilis: II. Jama 251, 2005–2010 (1984).  \xa0  Waugh, M. Role played by Italy in the history of syphilis. Sex Transm Infect 58, 92–95 (1982).  \xa0  Thorburn, A. Fritz Richard Schaudinn, 1871-1906: protozoologist of syphilis. Sex Transm Infect 47, 459–461 (1971).  \xa0  CROSBY, A. W. The Early History of Syphilis: A Reappraisal. Am Anthropol 71, 218–227 (1969).  \xa0  Clark, E. G. & Danbolt, N. The Oslo study of the natural history of untreated syphilis An epidemiologic investigation based on a restudy of the Boeck-Bruusgaard material a review and appraisal. J Chron Dis 2, 311–344 (1955).  \xa0  MUNGER, R. S. Guaiacum, the Holy Wood from the New World. J Hist Med All Sci IV, 196–229 (1949).  \xa0  Thomas, E. & r, W. Rapid Treatment of Early Syphilis with Multiple Injections of Mapharsen. J Nerv Ment Dis 99, 88 (1944).  \xa0  WIEDER, L., FOERSTER, O. & FOERSTER, H. MAPHARSEN IN THE TREATMENT OF SYPHILIS: FURTHER EXPERIENCES. Arch Dermatol Syph 35, 402–413 (1937).  \xa0  THON, L. SHOULD THE INTERNIST KNOW SYPHILIS? J Amer Med Assoc 97, 994–996 (1931).  \xa0  Sarton, G. The Earliest Printed Literature on Syphilis, being Ten Tractates from the Years 1495-1498. Karl Sudhoff , Charles Singer , Henry E. Sigerist. Isis 8, 351–354 (1926).  \xa0  COLE, H., GERICKE, A. & SOLLMANN, T. THE TREATMENT OF SYPHILIS BY MERCURY INHALATIONS: HISTORY, METHOD AND RESULTS. Arch Dermatol Syph 5, 18–33 (1922).  \xa0  Mason, U. Observation: Use and Abuse of Salvarsan. J Natl Med Assoc 3, 340–3 (1911).  \xa0  Fleming, A. & Colebrook, L. ON THE USE OF SALVARSAN IN THE TREATMENT OF SYPHILIS. Lancet 177, 1631–1634 (1911).  \xa0  Evans, A. The Treatment of Syphilis by Salvarsan (Dioxy-diamido-arseno-benzol). Brit Med J 1, 617 (1911).  \xa0  Boeck, W. History, Theory and Practice of Syphilisation. New Engl J Medicine 73, 20–25 (1865).  \xa0  Veale, H. Remarks on Syphilis and Its Treatment. Edinb Medical J 10, 10–26 (1864).  \xa0  LaFond RE and Lukehart SA, Biological Basis for Syphilis. Clinical Microbiology Reviews 2006.  \xa0  Secher L et al, Treponema pallidum in peripheral nerve tissue of syphilitic chancres. Acta dermato-venereologica 1982. \xa0Hollander DH, Turner TB, The role of temperature in experimental treponemal infection. American journal of syphilis, gonorrhea, and venereal diseases, 1954  \xa0  Eagle H, et al. The effect of hyperpyrexia on the therapeutic efficacy of penicillin in experimental syphilis. American journal of syphilis, gonorrhea, and venereal diseases, 1947.  \xa0  Kampmeier RH, Syphilis therapy: an historical perspective. Journal of the American Venereal Disease Association 1976.  \xa0  Pachner AR, Spirochetal Diseases of the CNS. Neurologic clinics, 1986.  \xa0  Sell S et al, Experimental syphilitic orchitis in rabbits: ultrastructural appearance of Treponema pallidum during phagocytosis and dissolution by macrophages in vivo. Laboratory investigation; a journal of technical methods and pathology, 1982.  \xa0  Taylor SH, Diuretics in cardiovascular therapy. Perusing the past, practising in the present, preparing for the future. Zeitschrift für Kardiologie, 1985.  \xa0  Ovchinnikov NM, [Treponema pallidum in peripheral nerves of rabbit syphiloma]. Vestnik dermatologii i venerologii, 1975.  \xa0  Cheek DB, Wu F, The Effect of Calomel on Plasma Epinephrine in the Rat and the Relationship to Mechanisms in Pink Disease, Archives of Disease in Childhood, 1959  \xa0  Vogl A, The discovery of the organic mercurial diuretics, American Heart Journal, 1950  \xa0  Schwemlein GX et al, Penicillin and fever therapy in early syphilis, Journal of the American Medical Association, 1948.  \xa0  Stringham JS, On the Diuretic Effects of Mercury in a Case of Syphilis. The Medical and physical journal, 1807  \xa0  Evanson RL et al, Effect of mercurial diuretics on tubular sodium and potassium transport in the dog. The American journal of physiology, 1972  \xa0  Sell S and Salman J, Demonstration of Treponema pallidum in Axons of Cutaneous Nerves in Experimental Chancres of Rabbits, Sexually Transmitted Diseases, 1992  \xa0  Penn CW, Avoidance of Host Defences by Treponema pallidum in Situ and on Extraction from Infected Rabbit Testes, Microbiology 1981.  \xa0  Beutler B and Munford RS, Tumor Necrosis Factor and the Jarisch–Herxheimer Reaction, The New England Journal of Medicine 1996.  \xa0  Radolf JD et al, Treponema pallidum: doing a remarkable job with what it\'s got. Trends in Microbiology, 1999  \xa0  Tight RR, Perkins RL, Treponema pallidum infection in subcutaneous polyethylene chambers in rabbits. Infection and immunity, 1976  \xa0  Salazar JC et al, Treponema pallidum Elicits Innate and Adaptive Cellular Immune Responses in Skin and Blood during Secondary Syphilis: A Flow-Cytometric Analysis. The Journal of Infectious Diseases, 2007  \xa0  Azevedo BF et al, Toxic Effects of Mercury on the Cardiovascular and Central Nervous Systems. Journal of Biomedicine and Biotechnology 2012,  \xa0  Clarkson TW and Magos L, The Toxicology of Mercury and Its Chemical Compounds, Critical Reviews in Toxicology 2008.  \xa0  Fitzgerald TJ, The Th1/Th2-like switch in syphilitic infection: is it detrimental? Infection and immunity, 1992  \xa0  Batterman RC et al, THE SUBCUTANEOUS ADMINISTRATION OF MERCAPTOMERIN (THIOMERIN®): Effective Mercurial Diuretic for the Treatment of Congestive Heart Failure. Journal of the American Medical Association, 1949  \xa0  Batterman RC, The status of mercurial diuretics for the treatment of congestive heart failure. American Heart Journal, 1951  \xa0  Bleich HL et al, The Role of Regional Body Temperature in the Pathogenesis of Disease, The New England Journal of Medicine, 1981  \xa0  Vander Veer JB et al, The Prolonged Use of an Oral Mercurial Diuretic in Ambulatory Patients with Congestive Heart Failure. Circulation 1950  \xa0  Cox DL et al, The outer membrane, not a coat of host proteins, limits antigenicity of virulent Treponema pallidum. Infection and immunity, 1992.  \xa0  Fildes P, The Mechanism of the Anti-bacterial Action of Mercury. Br J Exp Pathol, 1940  \xa0  Clarkson TW, THE MECHANISM OF ACTION OF MERCURIAL DIURETICS IN RATS; THE METABOLISM OF 203Hg‐LABELLED CHLORMERODRIN. British Journal of Pharmacology and Chemotherapy, 1965  \xa0  Engelkens HJ et al, The localisation of treponemes and characterisation of the inflammatory infiltrate in skin biopsies from patients with primary or secondary syphilis, or early infectious yaws. Genitourinary Medicine, 1993  \xa0  Belum GR et al, The Jarisch–Herxheimer reaction: Revisited. Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease, 2013  \xa0  Arando M et al, The Jarisch–Herxheimer reaction in syphilis: could molecular typing help to understand it better? Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology, 2018.  \xa0  Butler T, The Jarisch–Herxheimer Reaction After Antibiotic Treatment of Spirochetal Infections: A Review of Recent Cases and Our Understanding of Pathogenesis. The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, 2016  \xa0  Carlson JA et al, The Immunopathobiology of Syphilis&colon The Manifestations and Course of Syphilis Are Determined by the Level of Delayed-Type Hypersensitivity. The American Journal of Dermatopathology 2011.  \xa0  Aronson IK and Soltani K, The enigma of the pathogenesis of the Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction. The British Journal of Venereal Diseases, 1976  \xa0  Sellato TJ et al, The Cutaneous Response in Humans to Treponema pallidum Lipoprotein Analogues Involves Cellular Elements of Both Innate and Adaptive Immunity, The Journal of Immunology 2001  \xa0  Spiller HA, Rethinking mercury: the role of selenium in the pathophysiology of mercury toxicity. Clinical Toxicology 2017  \xa0  Sell S et al, Reinfection of chancre-immune rabbits with Treponema pallidum. I. Light and immunofluorescence studies. The American journal of pathology 1985.  \xa0  \xa0Grant SS and Hung DT, Persistent bacterial infections, antibiotic tolerance, and the oxidative stress response, Virulence 2013  \xa0  Lant AF, Modern diuretics and the kidney. Journal of Clinical Pathology, 1981  \xa0  Kamath SU et al, Mercury-based traditional herbo-metallic preparations: a toxicological perspective, Archives of Toxicology 2012.  \xa0  Yeter et al, Mercury Promotes Catecholamines Which Potentiate Mercurial Autoimmunity and Vasodilation: Implications for Inositol 1,4,5-Triphosphate 3-Kinase C Susceptibility in Kawasaki Syndrome. Korean Circulation Journal 2013  \xa0  Wöβmann W et al, Mercury intoxication presenting with hypertension and tachycardia. Archives of Disease in Childhood, 1999  \xa0  Giacani L et al, Identification of the Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum TP0092 (RpoE) Regulon and Its Implications for Pathogen Persistence in the Host and Syphilis Pathogenesis. Journal of Bacteriology 2013.  \xa0  Edwards AM, From tooth to hoof: treponemes in tissue‐destructive diseases. Journal of Applied Microbiology, 2003  \xa0  Wolgemuth CW, Flagellar motility of the pathogenic spirochetes. Seminars in Cell & Developmental Biology 2015.  \xa0  Solomon HC and Kopp I, Fever Therapy. The New England Journal of Medicine 1937.  \xa0  Rice KM et al, Environmental Mercury and Its Toxic Effects. Journal of Preventive Medicine and Public Health 2014.  \xa0  Drusin LM, Electron microscopy of Treponema pallidum occurring in a human primary lesion. Journal of bacteriology 1969.  \xa0  McNeely MC et al, Cutaneous secondary syphilis: Preliminary immunohistopathologic support for a role for immune complexes in lesion pathogenesis. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology 1986.  \xa0  Borenstein LA et al, Contribution of rabbit leukocyte defensins to the host response in experimental syphilis. Infection and immunity 1991.  \xa0  Cabot RC et al, Case 51-1976 — Bicentennial CPC — Syphilis, Diarrhea and Death in the 1820\'s. The New England Journal of Medicine 1976.  \xa0  Hobman JL and Crossman LC, Bacterial antimicrobial metal ion resistance. Journal of Medical Microbiology 2015  \xa0  Gelpi A and Tucker JD, After Venus, mercury: syphilis treatment in the UK before Salvarsan. Sexually Transmitted Infections 2015.  \xa0  MacHaffie et al, A study of the effectiveness of mercurial diuretics in treatment of cardiac decompensation. The American Journal of Cardiology 1958  \xa0  Aberer W et al, Ammoniated mercury ointment: outdated but still in use. Contact Dermatitis 1990  \xa0  Farhi D, Dupin N, Origins of syphilis and management in the  immunocompetent patient: Facts and controversies. Clinics in Dermatology (2010) 28, 533–538 \xa0  Frith J, “Syphilis – Its early history and Treatment until Penicillin and the Debate on its Origins,” Journal of Military and Veterans’ Health, 20(4), retrieved online at:  http://jmvh.org/article/syphilis-its-early-history-and-treatment-until-penicillin-and-the-debate-on-its-origins/  \xa0  Howes OD et al, “Julius Wagner-Jauregg, 1857-1940,” American Journal of Psychiatry, April 2009 Volume 166 Number 4, Volume 166, Issue 4, April, 2009, pp. 409-409.  \xa0  Karamanou M et al, “Julius Wagner-Jauregg (1857-1940): Introducing fever therapy in the treatment of neurosyphilis.” Psychiatriki. 2013 Jul-Sep;24(3):208-12.  \xa0  Simpson WM, “Artificial fever therapy of syphilis,” JAMA. 1935;105(26):2132-2140.  \xa0  Tsay CJ, “Julius Wagner-Jauregg and the Legacy of Malarial Therapy for the Treatment of General Paresis of the Insane,” Yale J Biol Med. 2013;86(2): 245–254  \xa0  Wagner-Jauregg J, “The history of malaria treatment of general paralysis.” Am J Psychiatry. 1946;02: 577-582  \xa0  Shafer JK et al, Untreated syphilis in the male Negro: A prospective study of the effect on life expectancy. Public Health Rep. 1954 Jul; 69(7): 684–690.  \xa0  Abara WE et al, Syphilis Trends among Men Who Have Sex with Men in the United States and Western Europe: A Systematic Review of Trend Studies Published between 2004 and 2015. PLoS One. 2016; 11(7): e0159309.  \xa0  Nutton V, The Reception of Fracastoro\'s Theory of Contagion: The Seed That Fell among Thorns? Osiris, Vol. 6, Renaissance Medical Learning: Evolution of a Tradition (1990)  \xa0  Tsaraklis A, Preventing syphilis in the 16th century: the distinguished Italian anatomist Gabriele Falloppio (1523-1562) \xa0and the invention of the condom. Le Infezioni in Medicina, n. 4, 395-398, 2017.  | What was behind the mysterious increase in lung cancer deaths at the turn of the 20th century? The first of a three-parter investigating the cigarette-smoking link and causality, this episode looks at that early debate, which largely focused on environmental pollution. Along the way, we’re going to talk about toxic vapors -- and not Miasma theory, but the actual literal Great Smog of London in 1952 that killed over 10,000 people -- as well as the birth of the case-control study, Nazi attempts at tobacco control programs, and the rather prosaic beginnings of a debate that rages to this day. Plus a new #AdamAnswers about the medical cause of Game of Thrones greyscale featuring Dr. Jules Lipoff! \xa0 Sources:  Bell, M. L., Davis, D. L. & Fletcher, T. A retrospective assessment of mortality from the London smog episode of 1952: the role of influenza and pollution. Environ Health Persp 112, 6–8 (2003). Brunekreef B, Air Pollution and Life Expectancy: Is There a Relation? Occupational and Environmental Medicine, Vol. 54, No. 11 (Nov., 1997), pp. 781-784. Des Voeux HC, Smoke and Fog, The Lancet, 1679-1680 (1904). Logan WPD, Mortality in the London Fog Incident, 1952. The Lancet, 336-338 (1953). Heirdorn KC, The Weather Doctor\'s Weather Almanac: The Infamous London Smog of 1952, 2012. HOFFMAN, F. L. CANCER AND SMOKING HABITS. Ann Surg 93, 50–67 (1931). Morabia, A. Quality, originality, and significance of the 1939 “Tobacco consumption and lung carcinoma” article by Mueller, including translation of a section of the paper. Prev Med 55, 171–177 (2012). Ochsner, A. My first recognition of the relationship of smoking and lung cancer. Prev Med 2, 611–614 (1973). Ochsner, A. & bakey. Primary pulmonary malignancy: treatment by total pneumonectomy; analysis of 79 collected cases and presentation of 7 personal cases. Ochsner J 1, 109–25 (1999). Parascandola, M. Two approaches to etiology: the debate over smoking and lung cancer in the 1950s. Endeavour 28, 81–86 (2004). Press, D. J. & Pharoah, P. Risk Factors for Breast Cancer. Epidemiology 21, 566–572 (2010). Proctor, R. Angel H Roffo: the forgotten father of experimental tobacco carcinogenesis. B World Health Organ 84, 494–495 (2006). Proctor, R. N. The anti-tobacco campaign of the Nazis: a little known aspect of public health in Germany, 1933–45. Bmj 313, 1450 (1996). Proctor, R. On playing the Nazi card. Tob Control 17, 289–290 (2008). Winkelstein, W. Vignettes of the History of Epidemiology: Three Firsts by Janet Elizabeth Lane-Claypon. Am J Epidemiol 160, 97–101 (2004). Proctor R, The history of the discovery of the cigarette–lung cancer link: evidentiary traditions, corporate denial, global toll. Tobacco Control. 21:2 (2013).  | What killed Charles II of Spain, the inbred monarch whose autopsy famously showed a heart the size of a peppercorn, a head full of water, and a bloodless body? This episode addresses that medical mystery by not only delving deep into Charles’ unfortunate past, but by exploring some of the fundamental assumptions physicians have made about the nature of disease. Along the way we’ll walk about inbreeding coefficients, postmodern philosophy, and two thousand years of anatomy and autopsy. Plus a new #AdamAnswers about whether Vincent van Gogh’s love of the color yellow was caused by digitalis poisoning! \xa0 Sources:  Alvarez G, Ceballos FC, Quinteiro C (2009) The Role of Inbreeding in the Extinction of a European Royal Dynasty. PLoS ONE 4(4): e5174. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0005174 Burchell HB, Digitalis poisoning: historical and forensic aspects. J Am Coll Cardiol. 1983 Feb;1(2 Pt 1):506-16. Burton JL, A Bite Into the History of the Autopsy: From Ancient Roots to Modern Decay. Forensic Sci. Med. Pathol. 1:4:277. Cerda JL. Charles II of Spain, «the bewitched». Rev. méd. Chile \xa0[Internet]. 2008 Feb [cited 2019 Feb 11] ; 136( 2 ): 267-270.Cullen W, Nosology. Retrieved online at:  https://books.google.com/books?id=3IgUAAAAQAAJ&printsec=frontcover&source=gbs_ge_summary_r&cad=0#v=onepage&q&f=false Foucault, Michel. The Birth of the Clinic: An Archaeology of Medical Perception. New York: Vintage Books, 1975. Gargantilla Madera P. Enfermedades de los reyes de España, los Austrias : de la locura de Juana a la impotencia de Carlos II el Hechizado. Madrid 2005.Ghosh SK, “Giovanni Battista Morgagni (1682-1771): father of pathologic anatomy and pioneer of Modern Medicine, Anat Sci Int, 6 Sep 2016. Gruener A. Vincent van Gogh\'s yellow vision. Br J Gen Pract. 2013;63(612):370-1.Hodge GP. A Medical History of the Spanish Habsburgs: As Traced in Portraits. JAMA. 1977;238(11):1169–1174. Lagay F, The Legacy of Humoral Medicine, Virtual Mentor. 2002;4(7): Lee TC. Van Gogh\'s Vision: Digitalis Intoxication? JAMA. 1981;245(7):727–729. Lesney MS, Flowers for the heart, ACS, March 2002, Vol. 5, No. 3, pp 46, 48 López AG et al, Charles II: From Spell to Genitourinary Pathology. Arch. Esp. Urol. 2009; 62 (3): 179-185. Somberg J et al, Digitalis: Historical Development in Clinical Medicine, The Journal of Clinical Pharmacology, Volume 25, Issue 7 Starkstein, S., & Berrios, G. (2015). The “Preliminary Discourse” to Methodical Nosology, by François Boissier de Sauvages (1772). History of Psychiatry, 26(4), 477–491. Viale G, The rete mirabile of the cranial base: a millenary legend. Neurosurgery. 2006 Jun;58(6):1198-208.  | Florence Nightingale stands as one of the most important reformers of 19th century medicine -- a woman whose belief in the power of reason and statistical thinking would critically shape the both the fields of epidemiology and nursing. This episode discusses the fascinating story of Nightingale’s legacy -- how modern nursing was born out of the horrors of war, medical theories about poisonous air, the outsize influence of the average man, the first graph in history, and how a woman who died over a century ago presciently foresaw some of the most important scientific and social issues in medicine that are still with us today. Plus, a new #AdamAnswers about the doctor-nurse relationship. \xa0 Sources: \xa0  Beyersmann J and Schrade C, Florence Nightingale, William Farr and competing risks, Journal of the Royal Statistical Society: Series A (Statistics in Society) Volume 180, Issue 1 Fagin CM, Collaboration between nurses and physicians: no longer a choice. Academic Medicine. 67(5):295–303, May 1992. Fee E and Garofalo ME, Florence Nightingale and the Crimean War, Am J Public Health. 2010 September; 100(9): 1591. Garofalo ME and Fee E, Florence Nightingale (1820–1910): Feminism and Hospital Reform. Am J Public Health. 2010 September; 100(9): 1588. Halliday Stephen, Death and miasma in Victorian London: an obstinate belief. BMJ. 2001 Dec 22; 323(7327): 1469–1471. Hardy A, The medical response to epidemic disease during the long eighteenth century. Epidemic Disease in London, ed. J.A.I. Champion (Centre for Metropolitan History Working Papers Series, No.1, 1993): pp. 65-70. Jahoda G, Quetelet and the emergence of the behavioral sciences. Springerplus. 2015; 4: 473. Keith JM, Florence Nightingale: statistician and consultant epidemiologist. Int Nurs Rev. 1988 Sep-Oct; 35(5):147-50. Kopf EW, Florence Nightingale as statistician.. Res Nurs Health. 1978 Oct; 1(3):93-102. Kramer M, Schmalenberg C. Securing “good” nurse–physician relationships. Nurs Manage 2003;34(7):34-8. McDonald L Florence Nightingale and the early origins of evidence-based nursing Evidence-Based Nursing 2001;4:68-69. McDonald L, Florence Nightingale, statistics and the Crimean War, J. R. Statist. Soc. A (2014)177, Part 3, pp. 569–586. McDonald L, Florence Nightingale at First Hand, London and New York: Continuum, 2010. Oyler L, “It’s Really Sickening How Much Florence Nightingale Hated Women,” Vice Broadly, retrieved online at  https://broadly.vice.com/en_us/article/kb4jd3/its-really-sickening-how-much-florence-nightingale-hated-women “Rank for Nurses,” The American Journal of Nursing, Vol. 20, No. 3 (Dec., 1919), pp. 241-24. Rowen L, The Medical Team Model, the Feminization of Medicine, and the Nurse\'s Role. AMA Journal of Ethics, Virtual Mentor. 2010;12(1):46-51. Soine AH, From Nursing Sisters to a Sisterhood of Nurses: German Nurses and Transnational Professionalization, 1836-1918, Published Dissertation, August 2009. Stein LI. The doctor–nurse game. Arch Gen Psychiatry 1967;16(6):699-703. Stein LI, et al. The doctor–nurse game revisited. N Engl J Med 1990;322(8):546-9. Young D A B. Florence Nightingale\'s fever BMJ 1995; 311 :1697. ', 'chan_desc': 'Bedside Rounds is a storytelling podcast about medical history and medicine’s intersections with society and culture.  Host Adam Rodman seeks to tell a few of these weird, wonderful, and intensely human stories that have made modern medicine.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/d5/1d/ef/d51defa9-1ec5-59de-8be6-6144e4b253d9/mza_8096695842140342379.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-09-16'}}

{"When Life Gives You Parkinson's": {'title': "When Life Gives You Parkinson's", 'chan_url': "https://castbox.fm/channel/When-Life-Gives-You-Parkinson's-id1353443", 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Curiouscast', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 128, 'play_count': 6529, 'ch_feed-socials': [], 'ep_total': 48, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:49:57', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:25:18', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:41:35', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:19:54', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:36:12', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:02:06', 0], ['2019-07-03', '00:41:19', 0], ['2019-06-07', '00:41:22', 0], ['2019-06-06', '00:30:43', 0], ['2019-06-05', '00:26:42', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Guest writer Rebecca Gifford, the wife of Larry GiffordIn this episode of When Life Gives You Parkinson’s, Larry and I explore how we keep the magic alive in the bedroom and beyond when there is always an elephant (a.k.a Parkinson’s disease) in there with us eating peanuts and taking up a lot of space.Your bed. It’s your private space. It’s restful, probably even peaceful sometimes, and hopefully happy. It can be a safe place to feel and even grieve. If you’re fortunate enough to have someone to share it with, it’s a place for communication, intimacy and excitement.Larry and I have our most important conversations in bed. Since he was diagnosed with Parkinson’s these conversations happen regularly. We talk, share triumphs of the day — sometimes big successes and sometimes simply a hilarious moment with our son. We complain, cry, say things we probably shouldn’t, unconsciously avoid saying some things we probably should. Sometimes we have sex (but we’ll talk about that a lot more in this week’s podcast).And we sleep.All the things that happen in our bed are the most important things for our relationship, and for our well-being. It makes sense to pay attention to it.That’s why Larry and I sought advice from nurse and sex health educator, Maureen McGrath.“This is new for you, Parkinson’s disease, and it is different for every patient,” she said.McGrath told us 70% to 80% of the couples she counsels are also dealing with medical conditions that impact intimacy in their relationship. We had a lot of questions.Do we have a bedroom that is conducive to sleep and wellness?“Sleep is critical.” McGrath said, “Make sure you don’t have a television in your room, or an iPad or bring a phone to bed. Dedicate your room to sleeping and/or sex.”Have we created a space that is as safe and nurturing as it was before Parkinsons entered our life?McGrath suggested, “Make your room an oasis.” We made plans to use our aromatherapy diffuser more frequently and make sure our bed is plush and comfortable for us both. Be sure to listen to snippets from our bed shopping excursion.Are we still affectionate with each other, even though nothing is as effortless as it used to be?“You have a need to be close, you have sexual desire, but you may have a little bit of fear around it,” she said. McGrath recommended not overthinking it, returning to what you know and making it a priority appointment in our life.By acknowledging Parkinson’s has changed how we sleep, connect, and show affection for each other, we are learning to look the PD elephant in the eye, smile at it and thrive on all levels. Including in bed.Thank you for listening. Add your voice to the show and leave a message for us here; https://www.speakpipe.com/WhenLifeGivesYouParkinsonsFollow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodFollow Co-host and Producer Niki ReitmeyerTwitter:\xa0@Niki_ReitmayerThank you to…Deana GrinnellMaureen McGrath, Nurse and Sexual Health Educator. Her website is backtothebedroom.ca. Follow her on twitter @back2thebedroom. Check out her Ted X Stanley Park talk “No Sex Marriage – Masturbation, Loneliness, Cheating and Shame”\xa0Gila Bronner, founder and former Director of the Sex Therapy Service at Sheba Medical Center in IsraelRebecca Gifford, my amazing wife.Henry Gifford, Captain Awesome (Our son).For more info on our presenting partner Parkinson Canada head to\xa0http://www.parkinson.ca/The toll free hotline 1-800-565-3000Or follow them on TwitterParkinson Canada\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 @ParkinsonCanadaThanks also to our content and promotional partnersParkinson’s IQ + You– A free, series of Parkinson’s events from the Michael J. Fox FoundationSpotlight YOPD – The only Parkinson’s organization dedicated to raising awareness for Young Onset Parkinson’s disease and funds for the Cure Parkinson’s Trust.\xa0 | After my diagnosis with Parkinson’s disease, my first call was to the Parkinson Society of British Columbia. They were quick to offer information on support groups and mailed a packet of brochures, handouts and relevant information that immediately made me feel less anxious and more informed. That is why each year my family raises money and walks in the Parkinson SuperWalk in Vancouver. This year we had a team of 12 walkers on our “When Life Gives You Parkinson’s” team and my 10-year-old son Henry went door to door in our neighbourhood to help raise funds. His efforts contributed $160 to our team.In 1990, a small group of volunteers in Toronto decided to walk up Yonge Street to raise awareness for Parkinson’s disease and they called it “SuperWalk” due to the long distance. This year, Parkinson Canada held more than 82 SuperWalks across Canada with 10,000 participants and exceeded its goal of raising more than $2.4 million. While that seems like a great amount of funding, Jon Collins, Associate Director of Events and Partnerships for Parkinson Canada says, “The reality is, with 25 Canadians diagnosed every day, with our population aging, and (the number of people with) Parkinson’s expected to double by 2031, we are anticipating growing needs.”Organizations like Parkinson Canada are privately funding, there are no government dollars, and they rely on individual donations to maintain their programs and advocacy.\xa0Parkinson’s IQ + You I want to thank the great people in Atlanta for their hospitality as the Michael J. Fox Foundation’s “Parkinson’s IQ + You” blew through town earlier this month. Each event will be highlighted in upcoming Extra Dosage episodes. If you live in the United States, I hope to see you soon! These daylong, educational and empowering events for people with Parkinson’s and their care partners are free. See the full schedule and register for free here.Saturday, December 14, 2019, Anaheim, California.Saturday, January 11, 2019, Phoenix, Arizona.Other sites recently announced include South Florida, Chicago, Oakland, and Houston.If you have a comment or question about the podcast, you can email us: parkinsonspod@curiouscast.ca\xa0We invite you to add your voice to the show and leave a message for us here; https://www.speakpipe.com/WhenLifeGivesYouParkinsonsFollow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodFollow Co-host and Producer Niki ReitmayerTwitter:\xa0@Niki_ReitmayerSpecial thanks to… Andrew Davenport, Chairman of the Board of the Parkinson Society of British ColumbiaCaroline Wiggins, Education & Support Services Senior Coordinator for Parkinson Society of British ColumbiaJon Collins, Associate Director, Events and Partnerships , Parkinson CanadaHenry GiffordOur generous neighboursand my loving wife Rebecca GiffordFor more info on our presenting partner Parkinson Canada head to\xa0http://www.parkinson.ca/The toll free hotline 1-800-565-3000Or follow them on Twitter @ParkinsonCanadaThanks also to our content and promotional partnersParkinson’s IQ + You– A free, series of Parkinson’s events from the Michael J. Fox FoundationSpotlight YOPD – The only Parkinson’s organization dedicated to raising awareness for Young Onset Parkinson’s disease.\xa0 | Around the world there continues to be a worldwide cry for help in the Parkinson’s community. Since October 2018, there has been a global shortage of SINEMET®®®. This is the brand name version of levodopa-carbidopa, the gold-standard drug, used to treat Parkinson’s disease, which Merck packages and sells. It started with a supply shortage, which lead to a third-party manufacturer change. Anytime you change production of pharmaceuticals, the manufacturer has to re-ratify the entire production cycle. Merck now says SINEMET®IR®, Instant Release, will not be available until July 2020 and production has ceased altogether on the continuous release versions including SINEMET®CR 100/25 and 200/50.In this episode of the podcast, I talk to folks around the world who were taking SINEMET®to great effect only for it to be unavailable one day and replaced by a less effective, generic version of the drug.The U.S. Food and Drug Administration first approved SINEMET® in 1975. Nothing in the last 44-years comes as close to normalizing the lives of people with Parkinson’s as it does.David Ashford Jones was diagnosed with Parkinson’s at 40 years of age after more than a decade in marketing and sales for pharmaceutical companies. He says people with Parkinson’s easily notice the difference between the brand name version of SINEMET® and the generic. The difference between SINEMET® and the generic versions is not in the active ingredients, but in the absorption rate of the levodopa into the body in order to have an active effect on Parkinson’s symptoms.\xa0He offers this advice to other people with Parkinson’s, “If you can get a consistent version (of a generic), that minimizes the potential for that swapping of levels.” The goal for maximum effectiveness of any form of levodopa-carbidopa is to keep the gaps between peaks and valleys of levodopa in your body to a minimum.Merck has stated that there is not a shortage of levodopa-carbidopa in Canada, because 90% of the people with Parkinson’s are on generic versions. Worldwide, others have estimated 80% of people are on a generic, but Merck did not address the global supply even when requested. The reality is 10-20% of the people with Parkinson is who are taking SINEMET® amounts to somewhere between 700,000 and two million people worldwide. After Merck ceased production, it appears the generic drug suppliers could not ramp up production to meet the expanded hole in the market.\xa0Merck agreed to offer written responses to some of the questions from When Life Gives You Parkinson’s,WLGYP: Why is there a shortage [of SINEMET®]? Why couldn’t it be anticipated?MERCK: (...)\xa0It is important to note that there are no current shortages of either formulations of carbidopa-levodopa in Canada as various generic manufacturers have made them available to Canadian patients. Currently, approximately 90% of the market of levodopa-carbidopa in Canada is supplied by generic formulations. (Source: IQVIA: CompuScript June DM, 2019)Based on current demand, depletion of the current inventory of SINEMET®CR 100/25 MG is expected in September 2019. SINEMET®CR 200/50 MG is no longer available.Despite the availability of generic alternatives in Canada, Merck understands that the situation may be disruptive for patients and is working to identify solutions to ensure a more stable source of supply is available for the SINEMET®IR® formulation. Based on our current information, we are hopeful to be able to rely on a more stable source of supply for the SINEMET®(IR formulation). However, for the time being, the supply disruption for SINEMET®(IR formulation) will continue until mid-2020 in the Canadian market.Merck is committed to continue to provide regular updates on the situation to Health Canada and Parkinson’s Canada. For the most up to date information regarding SINEMET®supply availability Canadian patients can consult www.drugshortagescanada.ca.WLGYP: What are the differences differences between SINEMET® and generic formsMERCK: As defined by Health Authorities, a generic drug is a copy of a brand name drug. The generic drug is pharmaceutically equivalent to the brand name drug: it contains the identical medicinal ingredients, in the same amounts and in a similar dosage form. Generic medications may have different non-medicinal ingredients than the brand name drug, but the company must show that these do not affect the safety, efficacy, or quality of the drug compared to the brand name drug.[i]Currently, approximately 90% of the market of levodopa-carbidopa in Canada is supplied by generic formulations. (Source: IQVIA: CompuScript June DM, 2019)WLGYP: What is the timeline for SINEMET®IR to be available in Canada, U.S., U.K, and around the world?MERCK: We expect that the supply disruption for SINEMET®IR will continue until mid-2020 in the Canadian market. Merck Canada Inc. remains committed to finding solutions to provide this product to Canadian patients as quickly as possible. The most up to date information regarding SINEMET®supply availability is regularly updated on www.drugshortagescanada.ca. It is important to note that currently, approximately 90% of the market of levodopa-carbidopa in Canada is supplied by generic formulations. (Source: IQVIA: CompuScript June DM, 2019)We have been in contact with Parkinson Canada and Health Canada and continue to provide them with frequent updates on the situation as additional information becomes available.Thank you for listening. Add your voice to the show and leave a message for us here; https://www.speakpipe.com/WhenLifeGivesYouParkinsonsFollow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodFollow Co-host and Producer Niki ReitmeyerTwitter:\xa0@Niki_ReitmayerThank you to…Sandy Jones, Parkinson CanadaNadia Stewart, Global News – watch her October 2018 report on SINEMET®David Sangster, person with Parkinson’s, creator of Parkinson’s WorldTV, follow him on twitter @1and20ParkinsonsJohn Hougan, person with Parkinson’sGary Harysom, person with Parkinson’sKitty Fitton, person with Parkinson’s, observational comic at https://www.kittyfitton.com, follow her on twitter @kitty_fitton\xa0Rasheda Ali, author, speaker, advocate at http://rashedaali.net/, follow her on twitter @rashedaaliDavid Ashford Jones, read his blog https://phoenixrisingmyquestforchange.wordpress.com/pharmacology-basics/Paul Mayhew Archer, author, producer, comedian http://mayhew-archer.com/Eric Chapman, contributor, in the role of “Mark-Merck”Rebecca Gifford, my amazing wife.Merck, Merck.com, follow on twitter @merck, 1-800-444-2080, outside the US & Canada Merck is known as MSD 908-740-4000.For more info on our presenting partner Parkinson Canada head to\xa0http://www.parkinson.ca/The toll free hotline 1-800-565-3000Or follow them on TwitterParkinson Canada\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 @ParkinsonCanadaThanks also to our content and promotional partnersParkinson’s IQ + You– A free, series of Parkinson’s events from the Michael J. Fox FoundationSpotlight YOPD – The only Parkinson’s organization dedicated to raising awareness for Young Onset Parkinson’s disease and funds for the Cure Parkinson’s Trust.\xa0 | This is a special bonus episode of the When Life Gives You Parkinson’s podcast which we are calling “Extra Dosage.” Full episodes of Season 2 are available every other Wednesday. This Extra Dosage is about a young man and his family, using their passion for running, to help raise funds for Parkinson’s research.Anthony Kerkman, 32, lives in Pickerington, Ohio in an idyllic neighbourhood with sprawling manicured lawns, multi-tiered back decks, and driveways that are three cars wide.\xa0In September 2018, Anthony emailed me directly for the first time in his life.A month later, he emailed again. I was the one fighting back tears.Over the next 10 months, Anthony, Lesley and daughters Hannah, 15, and Sophia, 11, worked with the Michael J Fox Foundation and the Columbus Running Company to organize a family friendly 5k walk/run.Anthony met with city officials, fire chiefs, and school administrators. He filed for permits, ordered t-shirts, found sponsors and rallied his family and friends from all sides.I flew to Ohio for the August 24th Tremor Trot. Anthony, his family and I showed up before the sunrise to hang banners, greet volunteers and set up tables so his grandmas could run registration. Family friends staffed the water stations. It was a family affair from top to bottom. Even Hannah was instrumental in the event, she drew the very cool logo of an orange fox in sunglasses, running a race.Before too long the crowds arrived. I immediately recognized many faces in the crowd. It was a mix of childhood friends, fraternity brothers, and my parent’s friends for 60-some years. They were there to support Anthony and his efforts to raise money for Parkinson’s research as much as they were there to support me and my journey with PD. Anthony wasn’t surprised, “We are down here watching you do all this advocacy in Canada and we’re not in Canada. We’re here. This was something we could do to show our support.”By the time the whistle blew to start the 5k, 175 participants had signed up which far exceeded Anthony’s goal of 75. The event raise $8,000 for the Michael J. Fox Foundation, 100% of which will go directly to high-impact Parkinson’s research.What I have learned through Anthony’s efforts is that everyone can do something to help raise funds or awareness of Parkinson’s. I host a podcast, speak on radio and TV and host events. That is my super power, while running in 5ks for charity is Anthony and Lesley’s. Use what comes natural to you to help make a difference in the lives of people with Parkinson’s disease. Go ahead, take the first step.Parkinson’s IQ + You In the coming months, I will be traveling with the Michael J. Fox Foundation’s to host a series of live, free, day-long educational events called “Parkinson’s IQ + You.” We will be featuring highlights of each event in upcoming Extra Dosage episodes. If you live in the United States, I hope to see you soon! See the full schedule and register for free here.Saturday, September 14, 2019, the series kicks off in Atlanta, Georgia.Saturday, December 14, 2019, Anaheim, California.Saturday, January 11, 2019, Phoenix, Arizona.Other sites recently announced include South Florida, Chicago, Oakland, and Houston.If you have a comment or question about the podcast, you can email us: parkinsonspod@curiouscast.ca\xa0We invite you to add your voice to the show and leave a message for us here; https://www.speakpipe.com/WhenLifeGivesYouParkinsonsFollow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodFollow Co-host and Producer Niki ReitmayerTwitter:\xa0@Niki_ReitmayerSpecial thanks to… Anthony Kerkman, Lesley Kerkman, Hannah and Sophia, Marty Gifford, Dan Gifford, Dee Gifford, Tracy Cherry, Debi Brooks, Columbus Running Company, and the city of Pickerington, Ohio. For more info on our presenting partner Parkinson Canada head to\xa0http://www.parkinson.ca/The toll free hotline 1-800-565-3000Or follow them on Twitter @ParkinsonCanadaThanks also to our content and promotional partnersParkinson’s IQ + You– A free, series of Parkinson’s events from the Michael J. Fox FoundationSpotlight YOPD – The only Parkinson’s organization dedicated to raising awareness for Young Onset Parkinson’s disease.\xa0 | A year ago, I started the podcast When Life Gives You Parkinson’s. I had been diagnosed a year earlier, on August 17, 2017, with Young Onset Parkinson’s Disease at the age of 45. I can feel the disease progressing.I update my co-host Niki Reitmayer on my symptoms. In the last six months, I continue to have trouble getting a good night’s sleep, I’m now battling day time fatigue. I have long stretches of numbness and pain from neuropathy in my feet, increased body pains, anxiety, hot flashes, and unplanned weight loss. Maybe most concerning for me is that my wife Rebecca has noticed my personality is changing.As I talk to others with Parkinson’s, “shift in personality” is not an uncommon observation. The spouses of BBC TV and radio writer, producer and comedian Paul Mayhew Archer, American Ninja Warrior Jimmy Choi and Amazing Race Canada winner Tim Hague all noticed personality shifts.\xa0Personality shifts in people with Parkinson’s can be triggered by many different things including; increased fears and loss of control of one’s life, medication side effects, depression, pain, anxiety, fatigue and missed or incorrect dosages of medication.Our partners at Parkinson Canada offer the following advice when a person with Parkinson’s begins demonstrating more aggressive behavior, which occurs more subtly in the initial years and is more pronounced in late stages of Parkinson’s especially when accompanies by dementia.Stay calm.Review the PD medication schedule to see if a dose has been missed or taken incorrectly.Give the person space to cool down. Try to leave about 5 feet between you.Ask what is troubling the person so that you can identify the cause of the emotion and behaviour. • Listen to the person. Resist arguing or being confrontational, but provide reassurance. For example, “I know it is really frustrating when you can’t control what is happening…”Speak slowly, and in a clear, confident, and reassuring voice. Raising your voice may escalate the situation.Redirect the person to focus away from the issue causing aggression. Offer to take a walk, or do a calming activity together.If your safety is threatened, leave the situation, and return after a few minutes.Thank you for listening. Add your voice to the show and leave a message for us here; https://www.speakpipe.com/WhenLifeGivesYouParkinsonsFollow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodFollow Co-host and Producer Niki ReitmeyerTwitter:\xa0@Niki_ReitmayerThank you to…Paul Mayhew Archer http://mayhew-archer.com/Tim & Sheryl Hague http://uturnparkinsons.org/Jimmy Choi https://www.facebook.com/jcfoxninja/Naomi Casiro BSc. (Kin), MPT, Certified PWR\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 https://www.neurofitbc.com/Henry GiffordRebecca GiffordFor more info on our presenting partner Parkinson Canada head to\xa0http://www.parkinson.ca/The toll free hotline 1-800-565-3000Or follow them on TwitterParkinson Canada\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 @ParkinsonCanadaThanks also to our content and promotional partnersParkinson’s IQ + You– A free, series of Parkinson’s events from the Michael J. Fox FoundationSpotlight YOPD – The only Parkinson’s organization dedicated to raising awareness for Young Onset Parkinson’s disease and funds for the Cure Parkinson’s Trust.\xa0 | Larry Gifford is a 47 years old husband and dad with a great career and a degenerative brain disorder without a cure. Join him, his wife Rebecca and their son Henry as they share with you, and co-host Niki Reitmayer, the journey into what it’s like to live and work with the disease. Season 2 launches Wednesday September 4th. | This is a special bonus episode of When Life Gives You Parkinson’s which we are calling “Extra Dosage.” Full episodes of Season 2 of the podcast will be released every other Wednesday beginning in September 2019. \xa0If you were to imagine Michael J. Fox in your mind right now. You probably are picturing the guy from Back to the Future or The Good Wife. Think about when you’ve seen him interviewed on TVnews programs or when he testified before congress. Those uncontrolled, involuntary movements Michael J. Fox is known for are not symptoms of Parkinson’s. It’s called dyskinesia. It’s a reaction to long-term levodopa use. Yes, the gold standard drug treatment for Parkinson’s, when taken over a long period of time, will effectively treat some of your PD symptoms like tremor, slowness and stiffness, but cause you to move uncontrollably. The Michael J. Fox Foundation describes it as fidgeting, writhing, wriggling, head bobbing or body swaying. It is important to note that not everyone with Parkinson’s will develop this complication. It is more common with people who are diagnosed with Young Onset Parkinson’s Disease (YOPD) or under the age of 50. There was no guarantee I would experience dyskinesia. I didn’t particularly want it. And in the end, I didn’t really have a vote. \xa0\xa0After my family returned from World Parkinson Congress in Japan in mid-June, I was jet lagged and my med times and dosages were a bit out of whack. That’s when dyskinesia took hold. It had only ever really happened once before. About six months ago. I do sometimes sway and jerk a bit here and there, but I am a relative stranger to experiencing a full-on, dyskinesia episode. \xa0\xa0It was Saturday night, my family was at the dinner table and I started to sway and rock. Slowly at first and then gradually faster and more erratic. My head started to go to the right, my shoulder popped to the left, my neck jerked back and forth. And it repeated over and over again. \xa0About 5 minutes into the dyskinesia, I asked my wife Rebecca to record a video.The dyskinesia lasted 45 minutes. I posted the video on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts. For friends and family who’ve not witnessed many physical symptoms of my Parkinson’s, this came as a shock. For people familiar with PD, my episode was rather mild.Two days later, I was at a manager’s off-site meeting with 18 of my colleagues and dyskinesia set in again. It lasted an hour. And then it happened a day later during my exercise class. I was doing a bear crawl and it was as if the bear was drunk. I couldn’t tell my feel what to do anymore. It lasted 30 minutes. \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0In this Extra Dosage episode, I turn to friends and fellow people with Parkinson’s who’ve been dealing with dyskinesia longer than I have. Becca Miller, 45, is a psychologist at a community mental health center in New Haven, Connecticut. She was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease six years ago. She began to have dyskinesia two years ago.\xa0 Jim Smerdon, 45, has been living in Vancouver, B.C., with Parkinson’s since 2007. His dyskinesia was so severe he opted for Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) surgery in 2014 in search of relief. I wanted to get them to answer some questions I had about dyskinesia and some that my friends and family posed to me after watching the video.Also in this Extra Dosage episode, the Michael J. Fox Foundation (MJFF) has announced a series of free, daylong, live events called “Parkinson’s IQ + You.” MJFF Deputy CEO Sohini Chowdhury joined the podcast to chat about it, “the goal is to create a forum where we can share information with Parkinson’s patients, family members, friends, all with the goal of empowering people with Parkinson’s and care\xa0 partners so they can optimally manage their disease and learn more about participating in research.”The “Parkinson’s IQ + You” series exciting for a number of reasons, but most relevant to me is that I have been asked to travel with the Michael J. Fox Foundation and be the host and moderator of these events across America. You can get more information at www.michaeljfox.org/PDIQ.There are other events I will be attending in the coming months that were mentioned in this episode.Saturday, August 15, 2019 – Join me at Tour de Fox Pacific Northwest in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia. Details here: https://tourdefox.michaeljfox.org/pacificnorthwest\xa0Saturday, August 24, 2019 – Join me inin Pickerington Ohio for the inaugural Tremor Trot. My nephew Anthony and his family are working with Team Fox on this family friendly 5k. You can join us or donate to the cause. Race details here:\xa0\xa0 You can also donate to the When Life Gives You Parkinson’s Team here:Sunday, September 8, 2019 – I am the emcee and a walker for the Parkinson Superwalkin Vancouver.\xa0 Society of British Columbia. Funds raised in BC through this event help to provide valuable support services and education offered by Parkinson Society British Columbia in BC as well as fund research efforts. You can also donate to the When Life Gives You Parkinson’s Team here.Saturday, September 14, 2019 – I will be in Atlanta, Georgia for the first “Parkinson’s IQ + You” event. Register for free here.If you have a comment or question about the podcast, you can email us: parkinsonspod@curiouscast.ca\xa0Follow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodFollow Co-host and Producer Niki ReitmayerTwitter:\xa0@Niki_Reitmayer\xa0Special thanks to… \xa0Becca Miller, Jim Smerdon, Emma Lane, Sohini Chowdury, Rebecca Gifford and Henry Gifford. CreditsDila Velazquez – Story ProducerRob Johnston – Senior Audio Producer | I am in Kyoto, Japan for the 5th World Parkinson Congress (WPC). WPC is a global Parkinson's event, which is held every three years and it opens its doors to all members of the Parkinson's community, from neurologists and researchers to those living with the disease. \xa0\xa0\xa0The WPC wrapped up the fourth and final day by announcing Barcelona, Spain as the next destination for the World Parkinson Congress in 2022. In this episode of the pod, my wife Rebecca and I sit down with Amazing Race Canada Season One winner Tim Hauge and his wife Cheryl to talk about the gifts Parkinson’s have given our families.\xa0There’s also a roundtable discussion where participants of WPC2019 share thoughts on what they’ll take away after four days of meetings, workshops and socialization.\xa0Eli Pollard, Executive Director of World Parkinson Coalition which organizes the World Parkinson Congress gets the final word on the podcast declaring it quite a success with a few themes bubbling up to the surface. Families and Parkinson’s is really a hot topic and there were more kids of parents with Parkinson’s were at this WPC than ever before and for the first time actually participated as speakers in a workshop. The other notably theme was the rising interest in more programming geared towards the Young Onset Parkinson’s Disease (YOPD) contingent.\xa0\xa0Follow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodirtFor more info on the World Parkinson Congress head to www.WPC2019.orgFacebook: Facebook.com/WorldPDCongress/Twitter: @WorldPDCongressYouTube: WorldPDcongressInstagram: @worldpdcongressThank you to:Tim & Sheryl HaugeAndy Butler, partner in Parkinson’sVicki Dillon, person with Parkinson’sBenjamin Stetcher, https://tmrwedition.com/Anne Cohn Donnelly D.P.H., Michael J. Fox Foundation Patient CouncilDavid Murray, Cure Parkinson’s TrustEli Pollard, Executive Director of World Parkinson Coalition | I am in Kyoto, Japan for the 5th World Parkinson Congress (WPC). WPC is a global Parkinson's event, which is held every three years and it opens its doors to all members of the Parkinson's community, from neurologists and researchers to those living with the disease. \xa0\xa0Parkinson’s has often been described as an old, white man’s disease. The truth is Parkinson’s is not that exclusive of a club. In fact, three things are very clear in Kyoto as the WPC wraps up day three: young people, women and people of all colours are being diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease.During a roundtable discussion on this episode of the podcast, Jim Smerdon, a person with Parkinson’s from Vancouver, B.C., noticed how indiscriminate PD is on the first day. “My question to all of these researchers, and I’ve yet to receive a decent answer, is what does it mean to them that when you looked around at the opening ceremonies and there is such a diversity. This disease covers every ethnicity, every geography, every demographic, every age core, and almost appears equally.” \xa0A perfect example of just how diverse people with Parkinson’s can be. One of Omotola Thomas’ doctors in South Africa told her, “I think you have a form of Parkinsonism, but it’s hard for me to diagnose you with it because you are a young, black, female and this is an old, white man’s disease.” Thomas was born and raised in Nigeria. She lived in the United States, South Africa and now the United Kingdom. She began to have symptoms while in America at the age of 29. They took blood and ran every test they could think of, but because she the opposite of old, white and male Parkinson’s wasn’t initially considered. It took six years, seemingly endless tests, a move to South Africa and then to the U.K., before she was diagnosed with Young Onset Parkinson’s disease (YOPD) at the age of 35. \xa0The time has come for a new narrative around Parkinson’s. Perhaps it could begin with an update to the old, white man sketched by neurologist Sir William Richard Gowers in 1886 to illustrate some physical symptoms of PD. It appears in Wikipedia and anytime anyone Google’s Parkinson’s disease. Another suggestion, which was a Hot Topic in the morning session, is to begin to address the needs and differences that exist between woman and men with Parkinson’s. Thomas, and women like her, have a different Parkinson’s experience. For instance, their Levodopa-Carbidopa to control Parkinson’s symptoms only works about three weeks out of every four. “Men don’t tend to suffer the same hormonal fluctuations that we do. We have certain times of the month where our medications don’t work at all. And that is very difficult to deal with.” Thomas adds, “I don’t think that’s something you experience.” She’s right. I don’t.The frustrations concerning the old, white, male stereotypes are real. Treating PD the same way, with the same drugs, no matter your gender, age or ethnicity – let alone your dominate symptoms – leads to delayed diagnosis and to prescribing inadequate pharmaceuticals. A 2019 attitude and individualized approach to each person’s Parkinson’s is desperately needed. And the whispers of past WPC’s are becoming a roar that the PD community will soon be unable to ignore any longer.\xa0Also on this episode, kids and care partners play a prominent role in the topics and discussions at World Parkinson Congress.\xa0Follow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodirtFor more info on the World Parkinson Congress head to www.WPC2019.orgFacebook: Facebook.com/WorldPDCongress/Twitter: @WorldPDCongressYouTube: WorldPDcongressInstagram: @worldpdcongressThank you to:Omotola Thomas, person with Parkinson’s from United KingdomJim Smerdon, person with Parkinson’s from Vancouver, B.C.Andy McDowell, person with Parkinson’s from Auckland, New ZealandLily & Pearl McDowell, children of AndyArdrew Davenport, Board Member, Parkinson Society of British ColumbiaRebecca Gifford, partner in Parkinson’s from Vancouver, British Columbia | I am in Kyoto, Japan for the 5th World Parkinson Congress (WPC). WPC is a global Parkinson's event, which is held every three years and it opens its doors to all members of the Parkinson's community, from neurologists and researchers to those living with the disease.Joy Milne of Perth, Scotland fell in love with Les Milne when they were 16 years old. They married, had three kids, he was a doctor and she was a nurse. They lived a good life. Sometime in their 30’s, Joy noticed her husband started to smell different; more musky and unpleasant. She didn’t realize at the time she was smelling Parkinson’s. It was twelve years later, her husband was diagnosed at the age of 45. Over the years, while attending support groups and other functions she realized other people with Parkinson’s had a scent like her husband’s. Nearly two decades on, she began to ask why no one was using the smell of Parkinson’s as a bio marker.\xa0The answer? No one else seemed to have noticed.\xa0After testing her over and over again. Science won out. It turns out Joy can smell the over production of sebum. Her work is detailed on a poster at World Parkinson Congress titled “Parkinson’s smell levels, symptom management and empowerment; when Joy met Allison.” In this episode of When Life Gives You Parkinson’s, Milne and Allison Williams talk about how Joy’s ability to smell different levels of Parkinson’s has empowered Allison and improved her PD symptoms.\xa0Joy Milne also joins 50-year old Matt Eagles, who has had Parkinson’s since age 7, and Jonny Acheson who is three years passed diagnosis to chat about what they’ve learned at day two of the WPC. From patient advocacy, the importance of care partners and important discussions around compulsive behavior side effects of certain drugs to the absolute shock one gets when he first uses a Japanese toilet.Geneticist Matt Farrer of UBC and Yoshio Tsuboi, M.D., Ph.D. of Fukuoka University provide an interesting peek inside the complicated world of genetic research. They share what they believe is their next most promising result they have for treating Parkinson’s based on genetics.\xa0Follow me, Larry Gifford\xa0Twitter:\xa0@ParkinsonsPodFacebook:\xa0Facebook.com/ParkinsonsPodInstagram:\xa0@parkinsonspodirtFor more info on the World Parkinson Congress head to www.WPC2019.orgFacebook: Facebook.com/WorldPDCongress/Twitter: @WorldPDCongressYouTube: WorldPDcongressInstagram: @worldpdcongressThank you to:Joy Milne, Allison Williams, Matt Eagles of https://parkylife.com/, Jonny Acheson, Matt Farrer, and Dr. Yoshio Tsuboi.\xa0\xa0", 'chan_desc': '10 million people in the World have been diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. Yet, so few people seem to know much about it. Join me, Larry Gifford, as I share my personal journey into what it’s like to live and work with Parkinson’s disease as a 40-something husband and father with a career.Special thank you to our partners. Presenting partner is Parkinson Canada, content and promotional partner Spotlight YOPD, and The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research Parkinson’s IQ + You.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/50/18/12/50181222-08c5-4fad-c20c-85600c124a06/mza_4978782976964894739.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-06-29'}}

{'REBEL Cast': {'title': 'REBEL Cast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/REBEL-Cast-id21723', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Salim R. Rezaie MD', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 613, 'play_count': 5244, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://rebelem.com'], 'ep_total': 92, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '00:10:57', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:27:11', 1], ['2019-09-02', '00:35:12', 1], ['2019-08-21', '00:13:34', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:24:12', 1], ['2019-08-07', '00:08:53', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:12:05', 0], ['2019-07-22', '00:22:49', 0], ['2019-06-26', '00:10:06', 1], ['2019-06-12', '00:08:10', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Take Home Points When looking at pH and bicarb, the differences between VBG and ABG are miniscule. For DKA patients, stick with the VBG as...The post REBEL Core Cast 18.0 – DKA Tips and Tricks appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | Take Home Points: Get definitive airway control when necessary Use modality you’re most comfortable with Hard signs –\xa0 pulsatile bleeding, bruit or thrill, expanding hematoma,...The post REBEL Core Cast 17.0 – Penetrating Neck Trauma appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | Background: Convulsive status epilepticus is the most common pediatric neurological emergency worldwide.\xa0 Currently, phenytoin (UK & Europe) or fosphenytoin (USA) is the recommended second-line IV...The post REBEL Cast Ep71: 2nd Line Therapy for Pediatric Status Epilepticus – EcLiPSE & ConSEPT appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | Take Home Points Myxedema coma is severe, decompensated hypothyroidism with a very high mortality. Classic features include: decreased mental status, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, hyponatremia, hypoglycemia,...The post REBEL Core Cast 16.0 – Decompensated Hypothyroidism appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | Background:\xa0Antibiotics are one of the cornerstones of therapy in the treatment of sepsis/septic shock, however according to the Surviving Sepsis Campaign (SSC) guidelines, time to...The post REBEL Cast Ep70 – Time to Antibiotics in Sepsis appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | Take Home Points There is no real distinction between syncope and near syncope. Older folk with near syncope or syncope should be treated the same....The post REBEL Core Cast 15.0 – Syncope Literature Updates appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | This is a special edition REBEL Cast done by my good friend Andy Little, DO (Twitter: @andylittle). \xa0As I was busy running the 2nd annual...The post REBEL Cast Episode 69: Rebellion in EM Day 3 Speaker Summaries with Andy Little appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | This is a special edition REBEL Cast done by my good friend Andy Little, DO (Twitter: @andylittle). \xa0As I was busy running the 2nd annual...The post REBEL Cast Ep 68:  Rebellion in EM Day 2 Speaker Summaries with Andy Little appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | Take Home Points on SVT Superficial venous thrombosis refers to a clot and inflammation in the larger, or “axial” veins of the lower extremities and...The post REBEL Core Cast 14.0 – Superficial Venous Thrombosis appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog. | Take Home Points on Measles There is a resurgence of measles worldwide Incubation period is 10 – 14 days and patients are contagious 4 days...The post REBEL Core Cast 13.0 – Measles appeared first on REBEL EM - Emergency Medicine Blog.', 'chan_desc': 'For those who haven’t checked out the site already R.E.B.E.L. EM stands for Rational Evidence Based Evaluation of Literature in Emergency Medicine. The blog was launched in October 2013, and continues to grow every month, and with that growth we are excited to give you REBEL Cast. This podcast will review evidence based literature and end with a clinical take home point for your clinical practice.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/11/8b/09/118b097b-11b1-2de1-d705-b5195706e68c/mza_1471231968131951154.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-06-19'}}

{'Art of Emergency Nursing': {'title': 'Art of Emergency Nursing', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Art-of-Emergency-Nursing-id2102523', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Kevin McFarlane', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 55, 'play_count': 289, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://artofemergencynursing.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 24, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '00:35:08', 0], ['2019-09-17', '01:06:31', 0], ['2019-09-05', '01:13:30', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:38:21', 0], ['2019-08-24', '01:00:15', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:54:45', 0], ['2019-08-04', '01:05:55', 0], ['2019-07-26', '00:50:35', 0], ['2019-07-15', '00:51:39', 0], ['2019-07-09', '00:34:37', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In this episode and Kevin will share advice on how to maximize the benefit that you get from going to a professional nursing conference. In addition to hearing from Kevin, you'll hear from Shannen Kane, the\xa02019 Emerging Nursing Professional Board Liaison to the National Emergency Nurses Association. Enjoy the episode and I hope to see you and Austin for EN19. Follow Shannen Kane on twitter at @ShannenKane2 Follow AOEN Social: Facebook  https://www.facebook.com/Art-of-Emergency-Nursing-276898616569046/ \xa0 Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTnz4phtCTjojTIDJo2afA?view_as=subscriber \xa0 Twitter @AoenPodcast \xa0 Instagram https://www.instagram.com/artofemergencynursing/ \xa0 \xa0 To help out the show: \xa0 Leave an honest review on  iTunes. Your ratings and reviews really help the show and I read each one. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts,  Google, and elsewhere. | In this episode, Kevin talks with Pam Bartley and discusses the CEN exam.\xa0 Pam has over 30 years of nursing experience.\xa0 She is one of a handful of people with all 5 BCEN certifications and she is the chief passologist at PDB education.\xa0 She has helped thousands of nurses prepare for certifications exams.\xa0 In the episode, she shares some tips and tricks to help nurses prepare for the exam.\xa0 If you are thinking about taking a certification exam, listen to this podcast first.\xa0 | In this episode, Kevin continues the conversation with Dr. Lisa Wolf.\xa0 Dr. Lisa Wolf has more than 20 years’ experience in emergency nursing, as a staff nurse, educator, manager, and researcher. Her area of research expertise is clinical decision-making and the social elements and workplace conditions that affect it. She currently works as the Director of Emergency Nursing Research at the ENA, and as a staff nurse in an emergency department in Western Massachusetts.\xa0 If you liked the last episode you will love this one.\xa0\xa0 Take a look at her work mentioned in the episode Workplace bullying in emergency nursing: Development of a grounded theory using situational analysis. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28958419 \xa0 If you haven’t subscribed yet, please make sure you do so.\xa0 Please leave a rating and review to help others discover this show.\xa0 Sharing this podcast is the number one way to make sure other nurses hear the lessons that the guests share.\xa0 Follow us on Social: Facebook  https://www.facebook.com/Art-of-Emergency-Nursing-276898616569046/ Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTnz4phtCTjojTIDJo2afA?view_as=subscriber Twitter @AoenPodcast Instagram https://www.instagram.com/artofemergencynursing/\xa0 To help out the show: Leave an honest review on  iTunes. Your ratings and reviews really help the show and I read each one. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts,  Google, and elsewhere. This link will take you to the latest episode and give you links to the most popular podcast players. https://pod.link/1460741717 Thanks for joining me this week. Until next time! | In this episode, Kevin has a conversation with Dr. Lisa Wolf.\xa0 Dr. Lisa Wolf has more than 20 year’s experience in emergency nursing, as a staff nurse, educator, manager, and researcher. Her area of research expertise is clinical decision-making and the social elements and workplace conditions that affect it. She currently works as the Director of Emergency Nursing Research at the ENA, and as a staff nurse in an emergency department in Western Massachusetts.\xa0 We talk about emergency nursing, nursing leadership, bullying, and nursing staffing.\xa0 \xa0 Take a look at her work mentioned in the episode Workplace bullying in emergency nursing: Development of a grounded theory using situational analysis. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28958419 | In this episode, Kevin has a conversation with Gina Carbino.\xa0 She is a ED nurse and ED educator with a passion for evidence-based practice and free open access medical/nursing education.\xa0 She is absolutely brilliant and one a handful of nurses that have all five BCEN certifications.\xa0 You can follow Gina on social at https://www.facebook.com/bolusthebrain/ If you haven’t subscribed yet, please make sure you do so.\xa0 Please leave a rating and review to help others discover this show.\xa0 Sharing this podcast is the number one way to make sure other nurses hear the lessons that the guests share.\xa0 \xa0 Follow us on Social: Facebook  https://www.facebook.com/Art-of-Emergency-Nursing-276898616569046/ \xa0 Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTnz4phtCTjojTIDJo2afA?view_as=subscriber \xa0 Twitter @AoenPodcast Instagram https://www.instagram.com/artofemergencynursing/\xa0 To help out the show: Leave an honest review on  iTunes. Your ratings and reviews really help the show and I read each one. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts,  Google, and elsewhere. This link will take you to the latest episode and give you links to the most popular podcast players. https://pod.link/1460741717 Thanks for joining me this week. Until next time! | In this episode, Kevin has a conversation with Joop Breuer an ER nurse from the Netherlands.\xa0 He is an ED nurse, Education specialist, and also a director of the Emergency Nurses Association.\xa0 In this episode, they discuss some of the differences between the Netherlands and the US.\xa0 \xa0\xa0  Enjoy the episode with what we hope is only the first of many international guests.\xa0\xa0  If you are a nurse from outside the US and would like to share your experience email Kevin at kevin@artofemergencynursing.com. \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 If you haven’t subscribed yet, please make sure you do so.\xa0 Please leave a rating and review to help others discover this show.\xa0 Sharing this podcast is the number one way to make sure other nurses hear the lessons that the guests share. \xa0 Follow us on Social: Facebook  https://www.facebook.com/Art-of-Emergency-Nursing-276898616569046/ Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTnz4phtCTjojTIDJo2afA?view_as=subscriber Twitter @AoenPodcast Instagram https://www.instagram.com/artofemergencynursing/\xa0 To help out the show: Leave an honest review on  iTunes. Your ratings and reviews really help the show and I read each one. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts,  Google, and elsewhere. \xa0 This link will take you to the latest episode and give you links to the most popular podcast players. https://pod.link/1460741717 \xa0 Thanks for joining me this week. Until next time! | In this episode, Kevin continues the conversation with Jessica Nandino. an ER nurse, and writer who recently went viral with her ER exit letter. This time the conversation focuses more about here and her experience as an ED nurse. If you haven’t subscri | In this episode, Kevin has a conversation with Jessica Nandino.\xa0 She is a ER nurse, and writer who recently went viral with her ER exit letter.\xa0 This episode may hit home for many of our listeners who are likely also facing similar challenges in your ER.  Jessica will be back next week for part two of this conversation.\xa0 Enjoy \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 If you haven’t subscribed yet, please make sure you do so.\xa0 Please leave a rating and review to help others discover this show.\xa0 Sharing this podcast is the number one way to make sure other nurses hear the lessons that the guests share.\xa0 You can find Jessica’s ER Exit letter here on Medium.  https://medium.com/@jessicanandino/my-er-exit-letter-7c2ac890cd0e \xa0\xa0 Follow us on Social: Facebook  https://www.facebook.com/Art-of-Emergency-Nursing-276898616569046/ Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTnz4phtCTjojTIDJo2afA?view_as=subscriber Twitter @AoenPodcast Instagram https://www.instagram.com/artofemergencynursing/ \xa0 To help out the show: \xa0 Leave an honest review on  iTunes. Your ratings and reviews really help the show and I read each one. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts,  Google, and elsewhere. \xa0 This link will take you to the latest episode and give you links to the most popular podcast players. https://pod.link/1460741717 \xa0 Thanks for joining me this week. Until next time! \xa0 | In this episode, Kevin interviews Sarah Miller, a former army officer who learned the art of nursing under some of the most stressful conditions, the battlefields of Iraq.\xa0 Sarah shares some of her experience and wisdom that she learned, sometimes the hard way.\xa0 There is a lot of lessons in this episode, so pay close attention.\xa0 \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 \xa0 If you haven’t subscribed yet, please make sure you do so.\xa0 Please leave a rating and review to help others discover this show.\xa0 Sharing this podcast is the number one way to make sure other nurses hear the lessons that the guests share.\xa0 \xa0 Follow us on Social: Facebook  https://www.facebook.com/Art-of-Emergency-Nursing-276898616569046/ \xa0 Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTnz4phtCTjojTIDJo2afA?view_as=subscriber \xa0 Twitter @AoenPodcast \xa0 Instagram https://www.instagram.com/artofemergencynursing/ \xa0 \xa0 To help out the show: \xa0 Leave an honest review on  iTunes. Your ratings and reviews really help the show and I read each one. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts,  Google, and elsewhere. \xa0 This link will take you to the latest episode and give you links to the most popular podcast players. https://pod.link/1460741717 \xa0 Thanks for joining me this week. Until next time! \xa0 | In this episode, Kevin interviews Amanda Sandoval a long time ED nurse.\xa0 Amanda share a very candid look at what use to be her reaction to frequent fliers and tells about the patient that changed her mind and touched her heart.\xa0 Amanda also shares some great insight into the mind and heart of an ED nurse.\xa0 Enjoy the episode.\xa0 \xa0 Follow us on Social: Facebook  https://www.facebook.com/Art-of-Emergency-Nursing-276898616569046/ \xa0 Youtube  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTnz4phtCTjojTIDJo2afA?view_as=subscriber \xa0 Twitter @AoenPodcast \xa0 Instagram https://www.instagram.com/artofemergencynursing/ \xa0 \xa0 To help out the show: \xa0 Leave an honest review on  iTunes. Your ratings and reviews really help the show and I read each one. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts,  Google, and elsewhere. \xa0 This link will take you to the latest episode and give you links to the most popular podcast players. https://pod.link/1460741717 \xa0 Thanks for joining me this week. Until next time be the duck! \xa0", 'chan_desc': 'The art of emergency nursing is a podcast dedicated to the men and women who care for patients in emergency departments everywhere.  These nurses save lives and touch hearts 12 hours at a time.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/c6/c0/b9/c6c0b908-6d98-59fa-7383-f7a5fdf15690/mza_6734704279534831522.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-04-23'}}

{'FOAMcast -  Emergency Medicine Core Content': {'title': 'FOAMcast -  Emergency Medicine Core Content', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/FOAMcast-Emergency-Medicine-Core-Content-id6687', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'FOAMcast', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2541, 'play_count': 19495, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/FOAMpodcast', 'http://www.foamcast.org'], 'ep_total': 145, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:24:49', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:23:35', 1], ['2019-07-31', '00:46:59', 2], ['2019-07-09', '00:26:07', 0], ['2019-05-24', '00:25:02', 1], ['2019-04-30', '00:27:21', 2], ['2019-03-29', '00:14:08', 0], ['2019-03-28', '00:16:01', 1], ['2019-03-27', '00:10:23', 0], ['2019-03-27', '00:28:31', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this episode we briefly review hyperkalemia and the principles of emergent treatment. Then we explore, in-depth, the role of insulin and dextrose including the incidence of hypoglycemia and pearls to reduce this side effect. Pearls:  10-20% of patients treated with insulin/dextrose for hyperkalemia get hypoglycemic Consider giving 5 units insulin instead of 10 units Check the glucose for hours (dextrose lasts <1 hr, insulin lasts ≥2 hours) Beware of insulin in patients with renal insufficiency or with near normal starting glucose.  Thanks for listening! Lauren | We discuss the US Food & Drug Administration\'s black box warning for droperidol and the evidence behind this warning. We then discuss the use of butyrophenones such as droperidol and haloperidol for the treatment of agitation, headaches, nausea and vomiting, and gastroparesis/cannabinoid hyperemesis. \xa0 Thanks for listening! Jeremy Faust and Lauren Westafer\xa0 | We discuss the coagulation test thromboelastography (TEG) / Rotational Thromboelastometry (ROTEM), reviewing the evidence behind the use of the tests as well as the clinical implications. Show notes and graphics FOAMcast.org Thanks for listening! Jeremy Faust and Lauren Westafer | In this episode, we discuss important and "hot" articles thus far in 2019. These articles include:  Testing for pulmonary embolism in pregnant patients   Van der pol LM, Tromeur C, Bistervels IM, et al. Pregnancy-Adapted YEARS Algorithm for Diagnosis of Suspected Pulmonary Embolism. N Engl J Med. 2019;380(12):1139-1149. Langlois E, Cusson-dufour C, Moumneh T, et al. Could the YEARS algorithm be used to exclude pulmonary embolism during pregnancy? Data from the CT-PE-pregnancy study. J Thromb Haemost. 2019; In Press    Asymptomatic bacteriuria guidelines from the Infectious Disease Society of America (IDSA)  Nicolle LE, Gupta K, Bradley SF, et al.  Clinical Practice Guideline for the Management of Asymptomatic Bacteriuria: 2019 Update by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. Clin Infect Dis. 2019.   Dosing of benzodiazepines in seizures  Sathe AG, Tillman C, Coles LD, et al. Underdosing of benzodiazepines in patients with status epilepticus enrolled in Established Status Epilepticus Treatment Trial. Acad Emerg Med. 2019 Jun 4.   Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta (REBOA) in trauma patients  Joseph B et al. Nationwide analysis of resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta in civilian trauma. JAMA Surg 2019. Mar 20.   Mortality following opioid overdose  Weiner SG, Baker O, Bernson D, Schuur JD. One-Year Mortality of Patients After Emergency Department Treatment for Nonfatal Opioid\xa0Overdose. Ann Emerg Med. 2019; In Press    Thanks for listening! Jeremy Faust and Lauren Westafer | We review the entity formally known as pseudoseizures and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), now referred to as psychogenic non-epileptic attacks (PNEA).\xa0 We discuss the history of PNEA as well as relevant literature on the diagnosis and treatment of this entity. Thanks for listening! Jeremy Faust and Lauren Westafer | We review myths and reality in the management of patients with Sickle Cell Disease (SCD)\xa0  Are these patients typically opioid seeking? (No) If the patient appears comfortable I should withhold proper analgesia. (No). Should IV fluids be a routine part of the cocktail for vaso-occlusive pain episodes? (No)  We also review common emergencies in sickle cell disease that include  Infections Acute chest syndrome Anemia (Aplastic crisis, splenic sequestration) Ischemia  Strokes Avascular necrosis Renal, pulmonary, splenic infarctions   Vaso-occlusive pain episodes  Thanks for listening! Lauren Westafer and Jeremy Faust | We are at #SMACC\xa0in Sydney, Australia, thanks to the Rosh Review, delivering updates from the conference to your earbuds. Advocacy in Emergency Medicine - Esther Choo and Hugh Montgomery Mechanical CPR vs Manual CPR - Ken Milne vs Salim Rezaie Super sick massive GI bleeds and balloon tamponade - Sara Gray Thanks for listening! Jeremy Faust and Lauren Westafer | \xa0We are at SMACC\xa0in Sydney, Australia, thanks to the Rosh Review, delivering updates from the conference to your earbuds. Today we cover resuscitation pearls. Bougie vs Standard Stylet in emergency department (ED) rapid sequence intubation (RSI) - Brian Driver vs Rich Levitan Rocuronium vs Succinylcholine Debate - Billy Mallon and Reuben Strayer The Crashing Asthmatic - Haney Mallemat Thanks for listening! Lauren Westafer and Jeremy Faust | We are at #smacc in Australia thanks to the Rosh Review! The opening session this morning was amazing and we can\'t do it justice on the podcast. Gill Hicks (@MadForPeace), a victim in the July 7, 2005 bombing attack on a London train spoke on how impactful everyone in the healthcare delivery system can be (from medics to detectives to nurses to physical therapists to physicians). Dr. Dara Kass delivered a powerful talk on vulnerability, responsibility, and lack of knowledge even in a super health care literate individual.....what it means to be a provider and a patient (and a mom and a medical home for the family and a wife) in her story of donating part of her liver to her son. David Carr on anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis \xa0Anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis is the most common cause of encephalitis in young people (<30 years old), with an average age of ~20. We review the presentation, diagnosis, and treatment of this disease Thanks for listening! Jeremy Faust and Lauren Westafer | We co-hosted (with John Vassiliadis) the SMACC EM Updates half-day conference. We had amazing speakers. Salim Rezaie spoke on TXA for Everything, Ken Milne spoke on hot papers from 2018, and we learned about when ultrasound may be helpful in pediatric lumbar punctures. In addition, Jeremy spoke on what is usual care in sepsis and Lauren spoke on pulmonary embolism: the next generation. In this short podcast we highlight some of our other talks. Aidan Baron (@Aidan_Baron) on Prehospital Updates in Cardiac Arrest This talk focused on focusing on things that are most likely to make a difference in OHCA (bystander CPR and defibrillation) rather than on fun interventions like intubation and adrenaline (epinephrine). Aidan suggests that the future debates and questions in OHCA will be largely philosophical - what outcomes do we care about: neuro intact survival or ROSC or survival?\xa0  Jabre P, Penaloza A, Pinero D, et al. Effect of bag-mask ventilation vs endotracheal intubation during cardiopulmonary resuscitation on neurological outcome after out-of-hospital cardiorespiratory arrest a randomized clinical trial. JAMA -2018;319(8):779–87. Benger JR, Kirby K, Black S, et al. Effect of a Strategy of a Supraglottic Airway Device vs Tracheal Intubation During Out-of-Hospital Cardiac Arrest on Functional Outcome: The AIRWAYS-2 Randomized Clinical Trial. JAMA. 2018;320(8):779-791. Wang HE, Schmicker RH, Daya MR, et al. Effect of a Strategy of Initial Laryngeal Tube Insertion vs Endotracheal Intubation on 72-Hour Survival in Adults With Out-of-Hospital Cardiac Arrest: A Randomized Clinical Trial. JAMA. 2018;320(8):769-778  Barbra Backus on the future of the HEART score Modified Heart Score (redefining the T or troponin based on newer assays) results in a NPV of 99.8% and classifies 48% of patients as low-risk. Clinically Relevant Adverse Cardiac Events (CRACE) is way less common than major adverse cardiac events (MACE). HEART score of ≤3 ? CRACE is 0.05% Hot Literature in 2019  Lemkes JS, Janssens GN, van der Hoeven NW, et al. Coronary Angiography after Cardiac Arrest without ST-Segment Elevation. N Engl J Med. 2019;NEJMoa1816897 Pluymaekers NAHA, Dudink EAMP, Luermans JGLM, et al. Early or Delayed Cardioversion in Recent-Onset Atrial Fibrillation. N Engl J Med .2019;NEJMoa1900353. ', 'chan_desc': 'We  believe in the educational merits of Free Open Access Medical education (FOAM), which includes podcasts, blogs, articles on PubMed Central, conferences streamed for free and more.  As a result, we would like to encourage others to move beyond quoting podcasts and into the realm of tying “cutting edge” FOAM to the core content.  We’ll provide some review and references for listeners to go read.  Why, indeed, should we FOAM it alone when FOAM can inspire us to go, read, think, and be excellent?', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/5e/26/48/5e264882-c129-9f7c-d2e8-c7ca8e89efc0/mza_8322422688006456338.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-05-15'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes': {'title': 'Juicebox Podcast: Type 1 Diabetes', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Juicebox-Podcast%3A-Type-1-Diabetes-id73899', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Scott Benner', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 521, 'play_count': 10772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ardensday.com/juicebox-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 275, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:18:18', 0], ['2019-10-01', '01:11:52', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:30:55', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:34:59', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:31:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:44:43', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:57', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:30:50', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:17:07', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:03:28', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Standard Deviation Loop absorption time (Food impact)  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Lincoln has type 1 diabetes, heart issues and a good mom. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Does bathing cause low Bgs Handling Alcohol\xa0 A third thing I can't remember  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more InPen, from Companion Medical A full list of our sponsors\xa0 New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play, Pandora,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Vickie has type 1 diabetes and eats Keto. She's on the show to talk us through her Keto bolus practices. That's right, fat and protein need insulin too. This episode should be listened to in conjunction with episode 263, Diabetes Pro Tip: Fat and Protein. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 \xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Fat and Protein Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Diabetes Pro Tip:\xa0Exercise\xa0 Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE share insights on type 1 diabetes care Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Ask Scott\xa0and Jenny,\xa0Answers to Your Diabetes Questions Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE answer type 1 diabetes related questions\xa0  Dawn Phenomenon Carb Absorption Jenny describes her lows  Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com > InPen A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Nicole (from ep 151, 'Complications are Complicated') is back on the show to talk about having a multiple organ transplant after years of unchecked type 1 diabetes. Get ready to have all the feels. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Nicole on Instagram Become an organ donor > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Defining Diabetes: Trust Will Happen Scott and Jenny Smith, CDE define the terms that are at the center of your type 1 diabetes care. Bonus content from listeners. Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private Facebook\xa0group for listeners > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Get an\xa0Omnipod Demo today\xa0 > Dancing4Diabetes.com A full list of our sponsors\xa0 About Jenny Smith Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Nutrition and Biology from the University of Wisconsin. She is a Registered (and Licensed) Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Trainer on most makes/models of insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitoring systems. You can reach Jenny at\xa0jennifer@integrateddiabetes.com How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations. | Samantha is 24 years old, newly diagnosed with type 1 and pregnant. I'll be\xa0talking with Samantha after each trimester and after the baby arrives.\xa0 Show notes for people who are Bold with Insulin New Private JBP Facebook\xa0Community for Listeners NEW\xa0Merch! Samantha on Instagram > Find out more about the\xa0Dexcom\xa0CGM > Dancing4Diabetes.com > Save 20% on Realgood Foods, use JUICEBOX at checkout A full list of our sponsors\xa0 How to listen, disclaimer and more Apple Podcasts>\xa0Subscribe to the podcast today! The podcast is available on Pandora,\xa0Spotify,\xa0Google Play,\xa0iHeartRadio\xa0Radio Public and all Android devices The show is now available as an Alexa skill. Our Facebook pages have been merged Facebook.com/BoldWithInsulin My type 1 diabetes parenting blog\xa0Arden's Day Listen to the\xa0Juicebox Podcast\xa0online Read my\xa0award winning memoir:\xa0Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad The Juicebox Podcast is a free show, but if you'd like to support the podcast directly, you can make a gift here. Thank you! Follow Scott on Social Media Twitter & Instagram @ArdensDay @JuiceboxPodcast Facebook @BoldWithInsulin Disclaimer\xa0- Nothing you hear on the Juicebox Podcast or read on Arden's Day is intended as medical advice. You should always consult a physician before making changes to your health plan.\xa0 If the podcast has helped you to live better with type 1 please tell someone else how to find the\xa0show and consider leaving a rating and\xa0review on iTunes. Thank you!\xa0Arden's Day and The Juicebox Podcast are not charitable organizations.", 'chan_desc': "The Juicebox Podcast is from the writer of the popular diabetes parenting blog Arden's Day and the award winning parenting memoir, 'Life Is Short, Laundry Is Eternal: Confessions of a Stay-At-Home Dad'. Hosted by Scott Benner, the show features intimate conversations about living well with type I diabetes.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/40/4f/83/404f8340-33d0-e9d7-effe-338f71259101/mza_6030097609962081961.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-01-28'}}

{'Lab Values Podcast (Nursing Podcast, normal lab values for nurses for NCLEX®) by NRSNG': {'title': 'Lab Values Podcast (Nursing Podcast, normal lab values for nurses for NCLEX®) by NRSNG', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Lab-Values-Podcast-(Nursing-Podcast%2C-normal-lab-values-for-nurses-for-NCLEX®)-by-NRSNG-id272020', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Critical Care Nurse NCLEX Educator', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2260, 'play_count': 9846, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.nrsng.com/labspodcast'], 'ep_total': 47, 'recent_eps': [['2019-05-09', '00:15:11', 0], ['2019-01-14', '00:06:02', 0], ['2017-05-26', '00:10:52', 1], ['2016-08-23', '00:03:50', 1], ['2016-08-22', '00:08:13', 0], ['2016-08-15', '00:03:54', 0], ['2016-08-10', '00:04:28', 0], ['2016-08-08', '00:04:06', 0], ['2016-08-03', '00:04:42', 1], ['2016-08-01', '00:04:13', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'I got a text from my sister, who was in the hospital for induction, at 1:30am that rocked my world. She text me and told me that her nurse – the nurse who will be receiving my new nephew into … ContinuedThe post Why I Give A Shit (or what is your mission statement) appeared first on NRSNG. | I’m pumped to share the brand new NRSNG Podcast app with y’all.\xa0 I call it the NRSNG Radio app . . . we’ve taken all of our podcasts and put them into an easy to use app so you can … ContinuedThe post The NRSNG Radio App Is Live . . . And It’s Free appeared first on NRSNG. | Can I be honest? I had an amazing experience last month. \xa0 It was one of those moments when you are filled with thousands of emotions ranging from happiness to sadness all at the same time. \xa0Have you ever felt … ContinuedThe post I’m a Little Bit Scared to Share This #vulnerable appeared first on NRSNG. | The post White Blood Cell (WBC) appeared first on NRSNG. | So . . . I guess this episode is just about 8 minutes of a few thoughts on my mind. \xa0Mostly though, I just want you all to know how much you really mean to us! NRSNG.com isn’t mine . … ContinuedThe post NRSNG Isn’t Mine . . . It’s OURS! appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Troponin I (cTNL) appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Triglycerides (TG) appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Sodium (Na+) appeared first on NRSNG. | The post Red Blood Cell (RBC) appeared first on NRSNG.', 'chan_desc': 'Quick . . . is the aPTT within normal range?  Are you sweating a bit? Nervous?Head over to NRSNG.com/labs for our free cheat sheet covering the 63 most important lab values for nurses.This podcast covers one essential lab value for episode including normal ranges, nursing considerations, and background information.Normal lab values are hard to keep straight.  This show includes the most common including:Creatinine, WBC, BUN, aPTT, blood gasses, and more.Welcome to the NRSNG family!For full disclaimer information visit NRSNG.com.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/47/90/78/4790783a-3a82-2b43-8ad0-33dd8b76f0f2/mza_385802426575988730.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-04-04'}}

{'PedsCases: Pediatric Education Online': {'title': 'PedsCases: Pediatric Education Online', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/PedsCases%3A-Pediatric-Education-Online-id5348', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'PedsCases Team', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1800, 'play_count': 29017, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/PedsCases', 'http://www.pedscases.com'], 'ep_total': 247, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-05', '00:26:44', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:20:06', 0], ['2019-09-14', '00:19:01', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:22:30', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:18:03', 0], ['2019-08-15', '00:16:05', 1], ['2019-08-09', '00:15:08', 0], ['2019-08-02', '00:11:08', 0], ['2019-07-24', '00:14:07', 0], ['2019-07-10', '00:16:36', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "This podcast will cover an approach to the differential diagnosis, history, physical exam, and management of common causes of acute ataxia. It was developed by Dr. Aran Yukseloglu, a pediatric resident at the University of Alberta, in collaboration with Dr. Francois Jacob, a pediatric neurologist at the Stollery Children's Hospital in Edmonton, AB | Cette baladodiffusion couvre les contenus du document de principe de\xa0la Société canadienne\xa0de\xa0pédiatrie sur la prise en charge\xa0de\xa0la pneumonie non compliquée chez les enfants et les adolescents canadiens en santé. Il révise les critères diagnostiques, les traitements, complications et le suivi\xa0de\xa0la pneumonie non compliquée. Cette baladodiffusion a été créé par Mara Tietze, résidente\xa0de\xa0première année à l’Hôpital pour enfant\xa0de\xa0la Colombie-Britannique à Vancouver, et Nicole Le Saux, une pédiatre des maladies infectieuses et Professeure adjointe à l’Université d’Ottawa, et l’auteure principale du document\xa0de\xa0principe. | This podcast covers neonatal hypotonia, including definition, initial presentation, history, physical exam, common causes, and investigations.\xa0 This podcast was created by Dr. Nikytha Antony, a Pediatrics resident at the University of Calgary, in collaboration with Dr. David Callen, a Pediatric Neurologist at the McMaster Children’s Hospital and Dr. Kim Smyth, a Pediatric Neurologist at the University of Calgary. | This podcast was created by Caleb Botta, a senior medical student from the Medical College of Georgia, with the help of Dr. Julie Martin, an Assistant Professor of Pediatrics in the UA/UGA Medical Partnership System. This podcast will cover the manifestations, clinical approach, diagnostic methods, and treatment options for lice and scabies. | This podcast presents an approach to recognizing and managing cyanotic congenital heart diseases in a newborn. Listeners will learn about etiology and pathophysiology, as well as reviewing what investigations and physical exam findings are suggestive of a cyanotic congenital heart disease. This podcast was developed by Shealynn Carpenter and Brie Cawston-Grant, medical students at the University of Alberta, in collaboration with Dr. Jessica Foulds, a pediatrician, and Dr. Lily Lin, a pediatric cardiologist at the University of Alberta. | This podcast explores the epidemiology, pathophysiology, diagnosis, and management of sports related concussion in children. It is the first in a two-part series on the topic (part two discusses post-concussive syndrome). The podcast was developed by Adam Neufeld and Brendan Lee, medical students from the University of Saskatchewan, in collaboration with Dr. Ahmed Alterkait, a pediatric emergency physician at the University of Saskatchewan.\xa0 \xa0 | This podcast was developed by Dr. Magdalena Riedl, a second year resident at The Hospital for Sick Children and the University of Toronto, and Dr. Chia Wei Teoh, staff nephrologist at The Hospital for Sick Children. This podcast will address the etiology, pathophysiology, presentation, diagnosis and management of hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS). | This podcast will provide an approach to, and management of pediatric von Willebrand disease. It was developed by Chen Jin, a medical student at the University of Alberta, with the help of Dr. Mia Lang, a pediatrician at the University of Alberta. | This podcast covers diaper dermatitis, including comparing and contrasting three common causes of diaper dermatitis, identifying key questions on history, physical exam, and management.\xa0 This podcast was developed by Annie Poon, a third-year medical student at the University of Alberta, and Dr. Jessica Foulds, a pediatrician at the University of Alberta. | This podcast presents an approach to the management of alopecia in children. In this episode, listeners will learn to differentiate between, diagnose, and manage the 4 most common causes of pediatric alopecia, as well as recognize when to refer a patient to a dermatologist. This podcast was developed by Brenden Kunimoto in collaboration with Dr. Mel Lewis at the University of Alberta.", 'chan_desc': 'Pediatric educational resource developed by learners for learners. Founded at the University of Alberta. Podcasts, Videos, Infographics, Cases.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/c3/dd/00/c3dd00bc-0ffb-d16d-25c2-7ab3f829fc4f/mza_7009679341791165404.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2009-09-03'}}

{"er NURSE pro's PODCAST": {'title': "er NURSE pro's PODCAST", 'chan_url': "https://castbox.fm/channel/er-NURSE-pro's-PODCAST-id6721", 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'erNURSEpro', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 298, 'play_count': 1252, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://ernursepro.com'], 'ep_total': 34, 'recent_eps': [['2016-04-07', '00:04:12', 0], ['2016-01-29', '00:22:22', 0], ['2016-01-10', '00:30:11', 0], ['2015-12-13', '00:29:43', 0], ['2015-12-06', '00:19:36', 0], ['2015-11-02', '00:31:10', 0], ['2015-10-20', '00:36:04', 0], ['2015-08-19', '00:24:10', 0], ['2015-07-13', '00:50:54', 0], ['2015-06-08', '00:46:51', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Super duper update on the show! Find out where I have been and where I am going!!\xa0 | So this is my two cents on why nursing best practice and education needs to hop on the FOAMed bandwagon and start producing some peer reviewed expert content. We all need to offer the best to our patients and the mediums within FOANed are the shiznit! Don't know what I'm talking about? Listen in! Know what I'm talking about? Listen in!If this show has provided value to you than please take the time to offer some value back and lets make the whole thing better - Click the support the podcast button on the homepage at ernursepro.com\xa0 | Super duper episode on hemorrhagic shock with Jeff Solheim MSN, RN-BC, CEN, CFRN, FAEN. We discuss traditional resuscitation, fluid administration, blood products, whole blood resus and permissive hypotension. We finish off talking about the new trauma certification from the Board of Certified Emergency Nurses.Shownotes - www.ernursepro.comSolheim EnterprisesSUPPORT erNURSEpro | This is part 2 of a 2 part series with critical care nurse practitioner Andrew Bowman. In this second half we step outside the comfort zone of acls and look at hemodynamic directed dosing of epinephrine during resus, a new approach to PEA and dual defibrillation. There is plenty to chew on in this show and I hope you all are able to consider these topics and look into them further.\xa0Thanks for listening and please leave a review at itunes once you get a moment REVIEWShow notes at www.ernursepro.comTwitter @ernursepro\xa0 | Andrew Bowman\xa0MSN, RN, ACNP-BC, ACNP-C joins me to talk resuscitation. Andrew has 33 years of emergency / EMS experience and has lots to contribute. This interview was so good I had to split it to prevent it from being too long. This first part we look in to the new guidelines and how they address the adjuncts involves in resuscitation. This means talking about compression and airway adjuncts. The second part looks in to a new approach to epi administration in codes, a new approach to PEA and dual defibrillation.\xa0Show notes with lots of great resources and links at ernurseproIf you appreciate this content please take a moment to leave me a review on itunes!\xa0 | So this show is going to look at the often unrecognized presentation of delirium and how to address it in the chaos of the ED.\xa0We delve in to recognizing delirium, finding the cause, treament and prevention. This show has it all.\xa0Since content is king, I have once again sought out an awesome resource in Christina Shenvi MD PhD. I first discovered Christina on the blog site Academic Life in Emergnecy Medicine where she writes a series on geritatrics in emergency medicine. Dr Shenvi did her fellowship in geriatrics in emergency medicine and focused on medical education. Needless to say she delivers in this episode!Show notes at www.ernursepro.com\xa0 | Deb Delaney MS RN BSN CEN joins me as the resident expert on process improvements in the ED. This show is full of awesome applicable information. We look into internal queues, flow facilitator, mid levels, ancillary services, no code rooms, huddles and communications. It is jam packed.Show notes at www.ernursepro.comPlease REVIEW the show! | Episode 27 dives in to some of the causes of hyponatremia, both common and uncommon as well as how an acute severe hyponatremic patient will present and management strategies.Show notes can be found at ernurseproFollow me on Twitter - @ernursepro\xa0 | Interested in learning more about ECMO? How about its use in the ED? More specifically as an option in the resus room? This is the show for you! I have two guests join me - Whitney Elton RN, ECMO Nurse Coordinator at Connecticut Children's Hospital and Suzanne Chillcott RN, Mechanical Circulatory Support Lead at Sharp Memorial.Show notes are at www.ernursepro.comAlso listen to Suzanne on another podcast, EDECMO, about starting a nurse driven program.\xa0 | Meghan Groth PharmD BCPS @EMpharmgirl\xa0joins me on this episode to discuss some of the challenges we face in the emergency department regarding medication errors. We broach the difficulties of high pressure situations, high risk drugs, verbal orders, technology and more. This is an episode that is important to listen to in an effort to change the medication safety culture in our ED's.Shownotes -\xa0ernurseproTwitter -\xa0@ernursepro\xa0", 'chan_desc': 'An emergency nursing education podcast. Interviews with some great nurses and doctors will cover a whole range of topics for the emergency nurse.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts4/v4/6b/68/a9/6b68a9d4-4186-6f48-cede-d6da23a33622/mza_5312144715685992622.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-01-25'}}

{'Hospital and Internal Medicine Podcast': {'title': 'Hospital and Internal Medicine Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Hospital-and-Internal-Medicine-Podcast-id1331448', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Gil Porat M.D. FACP CPT', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 5778, 'play_count': 27772, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://hospitalmedicine.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 108, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-30', '00:09:47', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:07:11', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:08:47', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:12:57', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:09:44', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:15:54', 0], ['2019-07-01', '00:47:57', 2], ['2019-04-08', '00:20:36', 0], ['2019-01-25', '00:13:55', 0], ['2019-01-24', '00:13:16', 2]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Anemia of Inflammation is also often referred to as Anemia of Chronic Disease. It is one of the most common anemias, yet often challenging to comprehend. This is an attempt is to try and simplify it. | If you know why red blood cells survive less (and are made less) during inflammatory conditions, and already know why ferritin increases in inflammation, and don\'t want to hear a lousy Iron Man plot idea - then you are good to go on skipping this episode. |  | It occurs naturally in the body (because we synthesize it), it is in meat, and it is frequently used as a supplement. Since it is in you, why not understand what is and what it does? Advice is provided on which supplement labels to particularly avoid. A brief reflection upon creatine within our brains (and the potential memory impact seen in one study) is utilized to make the point that when it comes to a performance enhancer, like creatine, it\'s not solely about the ramifications on muscle strength and endurance. | The replenishing of muscle ATP is one (of the several) mechanisms that creatine helps with when it comes to heavy anaerobic exercise. Other topics discussed are things to know about lab testing the kidneys while taking creatine. Thoughts on why some don\'t respond to creatine supplementation. | Is there a specific type of creatine to buy? What is creatine monohydrate? What is Creapure? What do some professional organizations have to say about the safety of creatine? The loading dose debate. Also dives into the several mechanisms of action for how creatine helps build muscle. | Are you surprised that GoFundMe and crowdfunding are not the solution to a family healthcare crisis? How about Medicare for All? Hmmmm..... |  | A deceivingly difficult topic. Not so obvious points are made about asymptomatic carriers, transmission, and who to test. | Many of the latest studies in the 2017-2018 timeframe are reviewed. The importance of looking at the eosinophil count on the CBC, probiotic future directions, microbiome transplant options, antibody treatment (bezlotoxumab), "penicillin allergic" patients, and a brief mention of available testing.', 'chan_desc': 'Hospital & Internal Medicine lectures are intended for the medical professional who enjoys learning for the sake of it. Dr. Porat is a practicing Hospitalist and Board Certified in Internal Medicine.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts2/v4/62/36/c3/6236c380-dbd0-6c6f-b211-40d93f1eee91/mza_6812961785892844420.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2012-07-02'}}

{'Nursing Mnemonics Show by NRSNG (Memory Tricks for Nursing School)': {'title': 'Nursing Mnemonics Show by NRSNG (Memory Tricks for Nursing School)', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Nursing-Mnemonics-Show-by-NRSNG-(Memory-Tricks-for-Nursing-School)-id318367', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Kati Kleber RN CCRN (Critical Care Nurse Nursing Student Mentor  NCLEX educator and Nursing Podcast Host)', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2016, 'play_count': 10113, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.nrsng.com/nursing-mnemonics-podcast'], 'ep_total': 59, 'recent_eps': [['2019-05-09', '00:15:11', 0], ['2017-05-26', '00:10:52', 1], ['2016-11-16', '00:01:47', 0], ['2016-11-09', '00:02:34', 1], ['2016-11-07', '00:01:23', 0], ['2016-10-31', '00:02:29', 0], ['2016-10-29', '00:02:45', 1], ['2016-10-26', '00:02:08', 1], ['2016-10-24', '00:02:19', 0], ['2016-10-22', '00:01:38', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'I got a text from my sister, who was in the hospital for induction, at 1:30am that rocked my world. She text me and told me that her nurse – the nurse who will be receiving my new nephew into … ContinuedThe post Why I Give A Shit (or what is your mission statement) appeared first on NRSNG. | Can I be honest? I had an amazing experience last month. \xa0 It was one of those moments when you are filled with thousands of emotions ranging from happiness to sadness all at the same time. \xa0Have you ever felt … ContinuedThe post I’m a Little Bit Scared to Share This #vulnerable appeared first on NRSNG. | The 3 C’s \xa0 Choking Coughing Cyanosis \xa0The post Ep86 Tracheal Esophageal Fistula (3 Cs) appeared first on NRSNG. | CHILD ABUSE \xa0 Child’s excessive knowledge of sex and abusive words Hair growth in various lengths Inconsistent stories from the child and parent/s Low self-esteem Depression \xa0 Apathy, no emotion Bruised Unusual injuries Serious injuries Evidence of old injuries \xa0The post Ep83 Child Abuse (CHILD ABUSE) appeared first on NRSNG. | Two areolas One\xa0 vagina \xa0 Two umbilical arteries, one umbilical vein \xa0The post Ep82 Umbilical cord appeared first on NRSNG. | PAINS Period (menstrual: late, spotting, bleeding) Abdominal pain, dyspareunia (painful intercourse) Infection (abnormal vaginal discharge) Not feeling well, fever or chills String missing \xa0The post Ep79 Intra Uterine Device (PAINS) appeared first on NRSNG. | HELLP \xa0 Hemolysis Elevated Liver function tests Low Platelet count \xa0The post Ep78 Pre-Eclampsia (HELLP) appeared first on NRSNG. | ALONE \xa0 Amniocentesis L/S Ratio Oxytocin Test Non-Stress Test Estriol Level \xa0The post Ep77 Fetal Wellbeing (ALONE) appeared first on NRSNG. | VEAL CHOP (OB Nursing Mnemonic) \xa0 Variable – Cord Compression Early – Head Compression Accelerations – Okay Late – Placental Insufficiency I have to be honest here . . . OB Nursing was NEVER an interest of mine even before … ContinuedThe post Fetal Acceleration (VEAL CHOP) OB Nursing appeared first on NRSNG. | REEDA \xa0 Redness Edema Ecchymosis Discharge, Drainage Approximation \xa0The post Ep75 Episiotomy (REEDA) appeared first on NRSNG.', 'chan_desc': 'I Help Nursing Students Succeed. Period.  Free Nursing School and NCLEX Cheat Sheets at NRSNG.com/freebiesWelcome to the NRSNG Show from NRSNG.com . . . #1 Nursing Podcast and the leader in nursing student education. New motivational episodes 2-3 times per week covering:Struggling Students - common questions and concerns from students.Tips and Nurse Life - how to succeed as a nursing student and nurse.Interviews - discussion with through leaders, entrepreneurs, and authors. Anatomy and Physiology and Nursing Care for various disease processes.Follow us on social media @nrsngFrom the leading nursing education website (NRSNG.com) comes the top nursing podcast.  With pharmacology episodes, test taking tips, student struggles, interviews (with leading nurse advocates like Kati Kleber, Nurse Bass, Nurse Nacole, and more),  NCLEX review, we cover the information that nurses need to know to accelerate their career and become incredible RNs. Jon Haws RN CCRN, the host is a critical care registered nurse in a Level I Trauma hospital in Dallas, TX. Jon is the creator of NRSNG.com.  Visit the site and check out the books on Amazon.com We discuss current trends in the ICU, anatomy, physiology, nursing care, and much more.  Our goal is to change nursing education forever by making it more accessible, cutting the fluff, and teaching students how to think like nurses through modern technology.For full disclaimer information visit: NRSNG.comNCLEX®, NCLEX-RN® are registered trademarks of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing, INC.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/dc/b3/e9/dcb3e99e-e038-df33-85ba-f3aee975f5e3/mza_1276912948869367637.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-05-07'}}

{'Pursuing Health with Julie Foucher': {'title': 'Pursuing Health with Julie Foucher', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Pursuing-Health-with-Julie-Foucher-id727', 'num_comments': 5, 'author': 'Julie Foucher', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1932, 'play_count': 32135, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/Julie_Foucher', 'http://juliefoucher.com'], 'ep_total': 126, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:39:04', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:51:17', 1], ['2019-09-03', '01:32:35', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:57:57', 1], ['2019-08-06', '01:11:21', 4], ['2019-07-23', '01:50:16', 0], ['2019-07-09', '01:24:07', 0], ['2019-06-25', '01:34:49', 0], ['2019-06-11', '01:27:06', 0], ['2019-05-28', '00:55:04', 2]], 'hover_text_concat': 'There was, of course, a lot of shock, a lot of happiness, a lot of pride because we all knew that this was the first time that Singapore gets to send athletes to the Games.  Of course, within the box … ContinuedThe post Ep 122 – Competing in the CrossFit Games while in Medical School: Singapore’s Fittest Man Ian Wee appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | “So, you get to the CrossFit gym, and you see- or I see other moms, I see other dads, I see people who have competitive aspirations and Im able to mentor, and so, it kind of feeds a lot of … ContinuedThe post Ep 121 – Christy Adkins & Lindy Barber on Transitions in Life and Fitness appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | So, for me, it was kind of liberating that once youre in ketosis youre not that hungry.  And then, in the context of elevated ketones, theyre sort of anti-catabolic, and I talked about that a little bit.  And, it liberated … ContinuedThe post Ep 120  All About Keto with Dr. Dom DAgostino appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | I remember asking my Chief, I was like, Hey, I think I want to try to go do this CrossFit Games thing, and Im not going to have to miss a lot of training, are you good with it?  And … ContinuedThe post Ep 119 – Josh Bridges on Recovering from Knee Surgery and Paying the Man appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | There was an orchestrated mass media campaign by our critics to portray us as dangerous- by the opposition. And thats all waning now, because of the changes in the website. So, we were actually able to alter the worlds view … ContinuedThe post Ep 118  The State of CrossFit with Coach Greg Glassman appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | “We’re so resilient as people that we can deal with a lot of stuff.  And if you pull back on the intensity, and you give your body a chance to heal, we’re also remarkable healers.  You know, you give yourself … ContinuedThe post Ep 117 – Functional Bodybuilding & Earning Intensity with Marcus Filly appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | “I call that integrative health.  Integrative health is a little different than complementary medicine, is different than integrative medicine.  Integrative health is the merger of conventional care like I learned, and you learned in your own medical training.  Evidence-based complementary practices, non-drug approaches, … ContinuedThe post Ep 116 – How Healing Works with Dr. Wayne Jonas appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | “I didn’t start CrossFit to be competitive, and I didn’t get into the competitive side until several years later.  And, I would say, I didn’t start getting competitive until 3… 3-4 years ago.  And then I was like, ‘Oh, this … ContinuedThe post Ep 115 – Becoming a CrossFit Games Athlete: Rookies Fee Saghafi & Erin Vandendriessche appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | “I really just… kind of wanted to get more into the CrossFit community.  More interested in sort of where things were going, especially as we were moving, CrossFit as an organization, is moving away from the sort of Games mentality … ContinuedThe post Ep 114 – Practicing CrossFit for Health with Dr. Maude Dull appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete. | “It was awesome [her first CrossFit Games experience in 2008]…  There were no expectations and there was only one Games so nobody really knew what they were doing, and it was like, we really just wanted to see if what … ContinuedThe post Ep 113 – 2009 CrossFit Games Champion Tanya Wagner on Training through all Seasons of Life appeared first on Julie Foucher | Reebok CrossFit Games Athlete.', 'chan_desc': 'Julie Foucher is a four-time CrossFit Games athlete, family medicine resident, and member of the CrossFit Level 1 Seminar Staff. Her passion lies in combining what she has learned through CrossFit and medicine to inspire and empower others to live healthier, more fulfilling lives. Every other Tuesday she highlights influential and inspiring individuals who use lifestyle to support optimal health.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/79/78/ab/7978ab59-22e6-2a44-81b6-f7fb601bd34b/mza_1766414239079080470.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-07-14'}}

{'InsideTheBoards Study Smarter Podcast: Question Reviews for the USMLE, COMLEX, and Medical School': {'title': 'InsideTheBoards Study Smarter Podcast: Question Reviews for the USMLE, COMLEX, and Medical School', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/InsideTheBoards-Study-Smarter-Podcast%3A-Question-Reviews-for-the-USMLE%2C-COMLEX%2C-and-Medical-School-id1347884', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'InsideTheBoards', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 554, 'play_count': 5555, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://insidetheboards.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 73, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:25:33', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:31:24', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:01:09', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:02:09', 0], ['2019-09-08', '00:22:05', 0], ['2019-08-22', '00:18:35', 0], ['2019-07-09', '00:28:57', 0], ['2019-06-19', '00:22:09', 0], ['2019-06-17', '00:23:11', 0], ['2019-06-11', '00:15:46', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Today\'s episode for our USMLE Step 2 Study Smarter Series for Surgery is with our own Chase DiMarco, host of the Medical Mnemonist Podcast, and ENT doc, Scott Brown from the Journal of Medical Insight,\xa0a new platform dedicated to transforming surgical education. The Journal of Medical Insight (https://jomi.com) is a peer-reviewed surgical\xa0video journal / virtual operating theatre. The goal of JOMI is to improve healthcare by creating a window into the practice of the best surgeons around the world.JOMI films and publishes surgical procedures offering extensive, high-quality, surgeon-narrated didactic experiences. JOMI is used by residents, attendings, medical students, surgical technologists, clinical staff, patients, and others around the world to help them prepare for cases, learn about novel advancements, and otherwise to have a deep and rich learning experience.USMLE Step 2 Secrets is now an InsideTheBoards Podcast\xa0As a book,\xa0USMLE Step 2 Secrets,\xa0by\xa0Theodore X. O’Connell, MD,\xa0ITB\'s Chief Content Officer and (among many other things) author of\xa0Crush Step 1: The Ultimate USMLE Step 1 Review, is recognized as an effective, high-yield study tool for the USMLE Step 2 and COMLEX Level 2. Plus....BONUS...it fits easily into a "short white coat" pocket. Just saying ;)\xa0As a podcast, it has now been optimized for audio learning and InsideTheBoards is re-launching the S2S podcast in conjunction with Elsevier (thanks Elsevier, what a cool publisher. ITB is improving the production quality and together with Dr. O\'Connell, adding high-yield questions breakdowns (which is, after all, kind of our schtick) from Elsevier\'s Clinical Key Student (see? Elsevier rocks).\xa0During our Step 2 Study Smarter Series, we\'ll be releasing an episode of curated questions targeting each clerkship. This one is a selection of some of the highest yield questions from the various chapters in the book that cover surgery topics. Do you want more content to study on the go for the USMLE Step 2? Then go listen to the entire\xa0Step 2 Secrets Podcast. The whole book is already out now in audio form. And we\'re replacing some of the older episodes over the coming weeks and months with the new "enhanced versions".\xa0To learn more about Dr. Ted O\'Connell (or for a 1 min distraction that will have you asking WTF?) listen to our\xa0promo for the Step 2 Secrets PodcastCheck out all of ITB\'s Podcasts on our\xa0BRAND NEW WebsiteITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all of our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards and its partners fully adhere to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies. | USMLE Step 2 Secrets is now an InsideTheBoards Podcast\xa0As a book, USMLE Step 2 Secrets, by Theodore X. O’Connell, MD, ITB\'s Chief Content Officer and (among many other things) author of Crush Step 1: The Ultimate USMLE Step 1 Review, is recognized as an effective, high-yield study tool for the USMLE Step 2 and COMLEX Level 2. Plus....BONUS...it fits easily into a "short white coat" pocket. Just saying ;)\xa0As a podcast, it has now been optimized for audio learning and InsideTheBoards is re-launching the S2S podcast in conjunction with Elsevier (thanks Elsevier, what a cool publisher. ITB is improving the production quality and together with Dr. O\'Connell, adding high-yield questions breakdowns (which is, after all, kind of our schtick) from Elsevier\'s Clinical Key Student (see? Elsevier rocks).\xa0During our Step 2 Study Smarter Series, we\'ll be releasing an episode of curated questions targeting each clerkship. This one is a selection of some of the highest yield questions from the various chapters in the book that cover surgery topics. Do you want more content to study on the go for the USMLE Step 2? Then go listen to the entire Step 2 Secrets Podcast. The whole book is already out now in audio form. And we\'re replacing some of the older episodes over the coming weeks and months with the new "enhanced versions".\xa0To learn more about Dr. Ted O\'Connell (or for a 1 min distraction that will have you asking WTF?) listen to our promo for the Step 2 Secrets PodcastCheck out all of ITB\'s Podcasts on our\xa0BRAND NEW WebsiteITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all of our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards and its partners fully adhere to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies. | We\'ve teamed up with Elsevier and Dr. Ted O\'Connell, ITB\'s Chief Content Officer, and author of\xa0USMLE Step 2 Secrets\xa0and\xa0Crush Step 1.\xa0\xa0to bring you a brand new version of the USMLE Step 2 Secrets Podcast with enhanced production and additional high yield content in the form of USMLE style question dissections (thanks to Elsevier, Inc.). Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, listen on InsideTheBoards website.\xa0or anywhere you listen to podcasts.\xa0\xa0Check out all of ITB\'s Podcasts on our BRAND NEW WebsiteITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all of our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0The #ListenLearnLive Contest ("We\'ll Pay For Yours Boards" thanks to\xa0Physicianloans.com) Final Contest\xa0(deadline September 30, 2019)We\'re giving away all kinds of prizes in exchange for your help promoting all of\xa0InsideTheBoards\' podcasts.\xa0\xa0You earn entries by completing certain actions like sharing or reviewing our podcasts. But you probably know that ITB is\xa0all about promoting the wellbeing of medical students. So we\xa0also want to push the hashtag #listenlearnlive. The "live" part of this represents our interest in not just your scores, but also your lives outside of medicine. Hence, you can also\xa0earn entries just for doing healthy things\xa0like exercising, walking your dog, spending time with your fam, or listening to music and then snapping a photo, tagging us, and using the hashtag #listenlearnlive in a social media post.It\'s actually three separate, month-long contests running now through July.\xa0The Top Three winners at the end of each month\'s contest will be placed into a drawing for the Grand Prize: your USMLE Step 1/Step 2 or COMLEX Level 1/Level 2 Registration Fee (thanks to the generosity of\xa0Physicianloans.com\xa0)That\'s a prize worth over $600. We\'re also giving away things like subscriptions to our All-Audio Qbank. Just go to\xa0http://bit.ly/paymyusmle3\xa0to sign up.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards and its partners fully adhere to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies.\xa0 | \xa0This episode collates our "best of" question dissections covering topics relevant to the NBME surgery shelf exam and surgery portion of the USMLE Step 2. Plus, a "Mentorship Moment with DocOssareh". This is the ITB\xa0 2019 Study Smarter Series for the USMLE Step 2 and Core Clerkships. Topics in this episode include plastic surgery, neurosurgery, orthopedic surgery,\xa00:30 – Mentorship Moment with DocOssareh. "Surgery Clerkship Resourcesa and Tips" (used with permission). Check out the video at\xa0\xa0this link.\xa0Go to Amazon to get Mo\'s book,\xa0A to Z of Medical School: Complete Guide.\xa006:00 – 1st Question Dissection from our "Matching Smarter in Neurosurgery" from our "Match Smarter Series" sponsored by Doximity. Check out the full episode here.\xa012:45 - 2nd Question Dissection from our "Matching Smarter in Neurosurgery" episode.\xa015:34 - 3rd Question Dissection from our introduction to the Doximity and plastic surgery episode in our "Match Smarter Series" . The full episode is available here.20:00 - 4th Question Dissection: "18 year old male with a stab wound to the chest" from our episode "Instagram for Medicine with Josh Landy from Figure 1". Check out the full episode here.The remainder of our question dissections come from our Step 1 Study Smarter Series episodes featuring Emily Tan from White Coat Coaching (but they\'re relevant to USMLE Step 2 and the Surgery Clerkship Shelf). Check out the full episode "Anatomy with Emily Tan from White Coat Coaching" here\xa0and "Musculoskeletal with Emily Tan from White Coat Coaching" here.\xa030:10 - 5th Question Dissection: a 45 year old male with painful medial rotation of the upper extremity.32:19: - 6th Question Dissection: 25 year old male with right knee pain.\xa047:00: - 7th Question Dissection: 65 year old female with right thumb weakness51:25: - 8th Question Dissection: 59 year old male with neuropathy.53:50: - 9th Question Dissection: 55 year old woman with right wrist pain.\xa0 \xa0\xa0InsideTheBoards Main Podcast\xa0\xa0Go to\xa0bit.ly/ITBpodcasts\xa0or just\xa0click here\xa0to check it out on iTunes.\xa0ITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all of our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0The #ListenLearnLive Contest ("We\'ll Pay For Yours Boards" thanks to\xa0Physicianloans.com) Final Contest\xa0(deadline September 30, 2019)We\'re giving away all kinds of prizes in exchange for your help promoting all of\xa0InsideTheBoards\' podcasts.\xa0\xa0You earn entries by completing certain actions like sharing or reviewing our podcasts. But you probably know that ITB is\xa0all about promoting the wellbeing of medical students. So we\xa0also want to push the hashtag #listenlearnlive. The "live" part of this represents our interest in not just your scores, but also your lives outside of medicine. Hence, you can also\xa0earn entries just for doing healthy things\xa0like exercising, walking your dog, spending time with your fam, or listening to music and then snapping a photo, tagging us, and using the hashtag #listenlearnlive in a social media post.It\'s actually three separate, month-long contests running now through July.\xa0The Top Three winners at the end of each month\'s contest will be placed into a drawing for the Grand Prize: your USMLE Step 1/Step 2 or COMLEX Level 1/Level 2 Registration Fee (thanks to the generosity of\xa0Physicianloans.com\xa0)That\'s a prize worth over $600. We\'re also giving away things like subscriptions to our All-Audio Qbank. Just go to\xa0http://bit.ly/paymyusmle3\xa0to sign up.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards fully adheres to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies.Music: "King Jeff and His Apprentice Bart". DJ Beezo, aka Augustine Beeman (used with permission). Follow the artist at\xa0https://soundcloud.com/dj-beezo | This episode introduces our 2019 Study Smarter Series for the USMLE Step 2 and Core Clerkships. Patrick goes over the plan for the series and breaks down a high yield question on acute abdominal pain.\xa00:20 – Overview and content plan for the USMLE Step 2 Study Smarter Series\xa05:40 – Mentorship Moment with DocOssareh. This is an excerpt from "4 Core Study Techniques Every Student Should Know" (used with permission). Check out all four of Mo\'s techniques at this link.\xa0Go to Amazon to get Mo\'s book, A to Z of Medical School: Complete Guide.\xa010:38 – Today\'s question dissection on acute abdominal pain. This is the sort of detailed breakdown of USMLE and COMLEX practice questions you can expect to hear during our Study Smarter series.\xa0InsideTheBoards Main Podcast\xa0\xa0Go to\xa0bit.ly/ITBpodcasts\xa0or just\xa0click here\xa0to check it out on iTunes.\xa0ITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all of our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0The #ListenLearnLive Contest ("We\'ll Pay For Yours Boards" thanks to\xa0Physicianloans.com) Final Contest\xa0(deadline September 30, 2019)We\'re giving away all kinds of prizes in exchange for your help promoting all of\xa0InsideTheBoards\' podcasts.\xa0\xa0You earn entries by completing certain actions like sharing or reviewing our podcasts. But you probably know that ITB is\xa0all about promoting the wellbeing of medical students. So we\xa0also want to push the hashtag #listenlearnlive. The "live" part of this represents our interest in not just your scores, but also your lives outside of medicine. Hence, you can also\xa0earn entries just for doing healthy things\xa0like exercising, walking your dog, spending time with your fam, or listening to music and then snapping a photo, tagging us, and using the hashtag #listenlearnlive in a social media post.It\'s actually three separate, month-long contests running now through July.\xa0The Top Three winners at the end of each month\'s contest will be placed into a drawing for the Grand Prize: your USMLE Step 1/Step 2 or COMLEX Level 1/Level 2 Registration Fee (thanks to the generosity of\xa0Physicianloans.com\xa0)That\'s a prize worth over $600. We\'re also giving away things like subscriptions to our All-Audio Qbank. Just go to\xa0http://bit.ly/paymyusmle3\xa0to sign up.\xa0\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards fully adheres to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies.Thanks to Ike Potter, producer of this show, for providing the practice question used in this episode.\xa0Music: "King Jeff and His Apprentice Bart". DJ Beezo, aka Augustine Beeman (used with permission). Follow the artist at\xa0https://soundcloud.com/dj-beezo | Here\'s an excerpt from USMLE Step 1 Success Stories by\xa0Physeo, a new podcast that gives you a look inside the playbooks of those who reached their goals on their USMLE Step 1 exam. It\'s got everything a first or second year medical student could want: inspiration, practical tips, advice on long term and short term strategies for USMLE Step 1 or COMLEX Level 1 prep, plus... it\'s free\xa0\xa0\xa0In this excerpt, Rhett and Michael interview 4th-year medical student, Josh Harmer and his wife Laura about the journey into and through medical school and matching into orthopedic surgery. They share what it\'s like to have a family and balancing that family life while studying through medical school.\xa0You can listen to the full interview on the USMLE Step 1 Success Stories channel on\xa0Apple Podcasts,\xa0Podbean, or wherever you listen to podcasts.\xa0Muse: Tech Enhanced Meditation and Stress Fighter\xa0Our sponsor this week is\xa0Muse, a tech enhanced headphone device that uses EEG to help you meditate, center yourself, and de-stress. Check them out (and help ITB) by going to\xa0bit.ly/itbmuse\xa0Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast)Check out ITB\'s high-yield physiology podcast for first and second year medical students. It\'s called Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast) hosted by our own Greg Rodden. Subscribe on\xa0Apple Podcasts\xa0so you know when the new episodes drop. You can also listen to Physiology by Physeo\xa0on Podbean\xa0and\xa0Spotify.\xa0 Subscribe to it now!\xa0InsideTheBoards Study Smarter Podcast\xa0Check out the\xa0ITB Study Smarter Series Podcast\xa0channel. Go to\xa0bit.ly/ITBpodcasts\xa0or just\xa0click here\xa0to check it out on iTunes. We\'re planning a USMLE Step 2 Study Smarter Series in the coming months, covering each of the required clerkships and how to study for the shelf exam and the USMLE Step 2 and COMLEX Level 2.\xa0ITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all of our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0The #ListenLearnLive Contest ("We\'ll Pay For Yours Boards" thanks to\xa0Physicianloans.com) Final Contest\xa0(deadline September 30, 2019)We\'re giving away all kinds of prizes in exchange for your help promoting all of\xa0InsideTheBoards\' podcasts.\xa0\xa0You earn entries by completing certain actions like sharing or reviewing our podcasts. But you probably know that ITB is\xa0all about promoting the wellbeing of medical students. So we\xa0also want to push the hashtag #listenlearnlive. The "live" part of this represents our interest in not just your scores, but also your lives outside of medicine. Hence, you can also\xa0earn entries just for doing healthy things\xa0like exercising, walking your dog, spending time with your fam, or listening to music and then snapping a photo, tagging us, and using the hashtag #listenlearnlive in a social media post.It\'s actually three separate, month-long contests running now through July.\xa0The Top Three winners at the end of each month\'s contest will be placed into a drawing for the Grand Prize: your USMLE Step 1/Step 2 or COMLEX Level 1/Level 2 Registration Fee (thanks to the generosity of\xa0Physicianloans.com\xa0)That\'s a prize worth over $600. We\'re also giving away things like subscriptions to our All-Audio Qbank. Just go to\xa0http://bit.ly/paymyusmle3\xa0to sign up.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards and Physeo are not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards and its partners fully adhere to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies. | This episode is half of a two part show on lung stuff featuring Dr. Ted O\'Connell, ITB\'s Chief Content Officer, and author of USMLE Step 2 Secrets and Crush Step 1.\xa0Check out the other half of this episode (the right lung, get it?) on our Main podcast.\xa0Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast)You can also check out ITB\'s high-yield physiology podcast for first and second year medical students. It\'s called Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast) hosted by our own Greg Rodden. Subscribe on\xa0Apple Podcasts\xa0so you know when the new episodes drop. You can also listen to Physiology by Physeo\xa0on Podbean\xa0and\xa0Spotify.\xa0 Subscribe to it now!\xa0InsideTheBoards Main Podcast\xa0\xa0Go to\xa0bit.ly/ITBpodcasts\xa0or just\xa0click here\xa0to check it out on iTunes.ITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all of our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here. We\'ve recently added 100 additional USMLE Step 1 questions especially for our listeners using the Android platform.\xa0The #ListenLearnLive Contest ("We\'ll Pay For Yours Boards" thanks to\xa0Physicianloans.com)We\'re giving away all kinds of prizes in exchange for your help promoting all of\xa0InsideTheBoards\' podcasts.\xa0\xa0You earn entries by completing certain actions like sharing or reviewing our podcasts. But you probably know that ITB is\xa0all about promoting the wellbeing of medical students. So we\xa0also want to push the hashtag #listenlearnlive. The "live" part of this represents our interest in not just your scores, but also your lives outside of medicine. Hence, you can also\xa0earn entries just for doing healthy things\xa0like exercising, walking your dog, spending time with your fam, or listening to music and then snapping a photo, tagging us, and using the hashtag #listenlearnlive in a social media post.It\'s actually three separate, month-long contests running now through July.\xa0The Top Three winners at the end of each month\'s contest will be placed into a drawing for the Grand Prize: your USMLE Step 1/Step 2 or COMLEX Level 1/Level 2 Registration Fee (thanks to the generosity of\xa0Physicianloans.com\xa0)That\'s a prize worth over $600. We\'re also giving away things like subscriptions to our All-Audio Qbank. Just go to\xa0bit.ly/paymyusmle2\xa0to sign up.\xa0Join the InsideTheBoards for Community and Conversation on SlackGo to\xa0http://bit.ly/itbslack\xa0and sign up with your email to interact with the podcast hosts, ask your questions about studying and taking board exams, get support from other boardsinsiders and leave your feedback and constructive criticism for our team. We\'d love to get to know you better.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards fully adheres to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies.Music: "King Jeff and His Apprentice Bart". DJ Beezo, aka Augustine Beeman (used with permission). Follow the artist at\xa0https://soundcloud.com/dj-beezo | Nearing the end of your dedicated prep time? We\'ve got a super high yield episode for you. This episode is part 2 of our pulmonary review for the 2019 Study Smarter Series for the USMLE Step 1. Featuring ITB\'s own Stewart Bryant and our guest from MedSchoolTutors, Dr. Eli Freiman, an emergency medicine physician (and returning guest).\xa0NEW PODCAST: Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast)We launched a new podcast focused on high-yield physiology for first and second year medical students, especially those studying for their USMLE Step 1 or COMLEX Level 1 Exam. It\'s called Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast) hosted by our own Greg Rodden. Subscribe on\xa0Apple Podcasts\xa0so you know when the new episodes drop. You can also listen to Physiology by Physeo\xa0on Podbean\xa0and\xa0Spotify.\xa0 Subscribe to it now!\xa0ITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and especially intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. Step 1 is powered by Exam Circle and Lecturio, and the Step 2 version is powered by\xa0OnlineMedEd. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0Join the InsideTheBoards for Community and Conversation on SlackGo to\xa0http://bit.ly/itbslack\xa0and sign up with your email to interact with the podcast hosts, ask your questions about studying and taking board exams, get support from other boardsinsiders and leave your feedback and constructive criticism for our team. We\'d love to get to know you better.\xa0The #listenlearnlive Contest ("We\'ll Pay For Yours Boards" thanks to\xa0Physicianloans.com)We\'re giving away all kinds of prizes in exchange for your help promoting\xa0InsideTheBoards.\xa0\xa0You earn entries by completing certain actions like sharing or reviewing our podcasts. But you probably know that ITB is\xa0all about promoting the wellbeing of medical students. So we\xa0also want to push the hashtag #listenlearnlive. The "live" part of this represents our interest in not just your scores, but also your lives outside of medicine. Hence, you can also\xa0earn entries just for doing healthy things\xa0like exercising, walking your dog, spending time with your fam, or listening to music and then snapping a photo, tagging us, and using the hashtag #listenlearnlive in a social media post.The final of our three monthly contests runs through July.\xa0The Top Three winners at the end of each month\'s contest will be placed into a drawing for the Grand Prize: your USMLE Step 1/Step 2 or COMLEX Level 1/Level 2 Registration Fee (thanks to the generosity of\xa0Physicianloans.com\xa0)That\'s a prize worth over $600. We\'re also giving away things like subscriptions to our All-Audio Qbank. Just go to\xa0bit.ly/paymyusmle2\xa0to sign up.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards fully adheres to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies.Music: Cover of "Thank You" by Alanis Morisette by Mark Mikina. Listen to the full track on YouTube.\xa0\xa0Special thanks to Ike Potter, producer of ITB\'s Study Smarter Podcast for making this show possible. | This episode is part 1 of our pulmonary review for the 2019 Study Smarter Series for the USMLE Step 1. Featuring ITB\'s own Stewart Bryant and our guest from MedSchoolTutors, Dr. Eli Freiman, an emergency medicine physician (and returning guest).\xa0NEW PODCAST: Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast)We launched a new podcast focused on high-yield physiology for first and second year medical students, especially those studying for their USMLE Step 1 or COMLEX Level 1 Exam. It\'s called Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast) hosted by our own Greg Rodden. Subscribe on\xa0Apple Podcasts\xa0so you know when the new episodes drop. You can also listen to Physiology by Physeo\xa0on Podbean\xa0and\xa0Spotify.\xa0 Subscribe to it now!\xa0ITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and especially intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. Step 1 is powered by Exam Circle and Lecturio, and the Step 2 version is powered by\xa0OnlineMedEd. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0Join the InsideTheBoards for Community and Conversation on SlackGo to\xa0http://bit.ly/itbslack\xa0and sign up with your email to interact with the podcast hosts, ask your questions about studying and taking board exams, get support from other boardsinsiders and leave your feedback and constructive criticism for our team. We\'d love to get to know you better.\xa0The #listenlearnlive Contest ("We\'ll Pay For Yours Boards" thanks to\xa0Physicianloans.com)We\'re giving away all kinds of prizes in exchange for your help promoting\xa0InsideTheBoards.\xa0\xa0You earn entries by completing certain actions like sharing or reviewing our podcasts. But you probably know that ITB is\xa0all about promoting the wellbeing of medical students. So we\xa0also want to push the hashtag #listenlearnlive. The "live" part of this represents our interest in not just your scores, but also your lives outside of medicine. Hence, you can also\xa0earn entries just for doing healthy things\xa0like exercising, walking your dog, spending time with your fam, or listening to music and then snapping a photo, tagging us, and using the hashtag #listenlearnlive in a social media post.The final of our three monthly contests runs through July.\xa0The Top Three winners at the end of each month\'s contest will be placed into a drawing for the Grand Prize: your USMLE Step 1/Step 2 or COMLEX Level 1/Level 2 Registration Fee (thanks to the generosity of\xa0Physicianloans.com\xa0)That\'s a prize worth over $600. We\'re also giving away things like subscriptions to our All-Audio Qbank. Just go to\xa0bit.ly/paymyusmle2\xa0to sign up.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards fully adheres to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies.Music: Cover of "Thank You" by Alanis Morisette by Mark Mikina. Listen to the full track on YouTube.\xa0\xa0Special thanks to Ike Potter, producer of ITB\'s Study Smarter Podcast for making this show possible. | In this episode we\'re reviewing some more high yield GI questions. As always, we bring you the high yield USMLE/COMLEX style question dissections with nuggets of information you can take away and then bring with you on exam day. In this episode, we have some short, older Alexa recordings from our All-Audio Question Bank and some additional human recordings.\xa0\xa0NEW PODCAST: Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast)We launched a new podcast focused on high-yield physiology for first and second year medical students, especially those studying for their USMLE Step 1 or COMLEX Level 1 Exam. It\'s called Physiology by Physeo (An InsideTheBoards Podcast) hosted by our own Greg Rodden. Subscribe on\xa0Apple Podcasts\xa0so you know when the new episodes drop. You can also listen to Physiology by Physeo\xa0on Podbean\xa0and\xa0Spotify.\xa0 Subscribe to it now!\xa0ITB Audio Qbank and iOS Beta AppThe\xa0ITB iOS app\xa0includes all our podcasts (with exclusive and expanded content), early access to podcasts we\'ll be releasing in the future, some meditations designed specifically for medical students and especially intended for use during your dedicated USMLE prep time (gotta keep those stress levels down, right?), plus the beta version of our all audio qbank. Step 1 is powered by Exam Circle and Lecturio, and the Step 2 version is powered by\xa0OnlineMedEd. There\'s a sample of high yield audio questions for each version, and of course you can purchase a subscription to help us finish the full scale, Android and iOS app, which will have tons more features. It\'s not perfect. But it is THE PERFECT companion for studying for the boards on the go. And we\'re adding content and improving it all the time. Search the App Store for "InsideTheBoards" or\xa0click here to download it now.\xa0Android user? Until we release the cross-platform version of the app this summer, you can still subscribe to the podcast version of ITB\'s All-Audio Qbank by\xa0clicking here.\xa0The #listenlearnlive Contest ("We\'ll Pay For Yours Boards" thanks to\xa0Physicianloans.com)We\'re giving away all kinds of prizes in exchange for your help promoting\xa0InsideTheBoards.\xa0\xa0You earn entries by completing certain actions like sharing or reviewing our podcasts. But you probably know that ITB is\xa0all about promoting the wellbeing of medical students. So we\xa0also want to push the hashtag #listenlearnlive. The "live" part of this represents our interest in not just your scores, but also your lives outside of medicine. Hence, you can also\xa0earn entries just for doing healthy things\xa0like exercising, walking your dog, spending time with your fam, or listening to music and then snapping a photo, tagging us, and using the hashtag #listenlearnlive in a social media post.The final of our three monthly contests runs through July.\xa0The Top Three winners at the end of each month\'s contest will be placed into a drawing for the Grand Prize: your USMLE Step 1/Step 2 or COMLEX Level 1/Level 2 Registration Fee (thanks to the generosity of\xa0Physicianloans.com\xa0)That\'s a prize worth over $600. We\'re also giving away things like subscriptions to our All-Audio Qbank. Just go to\xa0bit.ly/paymyusmle2\xa0to sign up.\xa0Legal Stuff and CreditsInsideTheBoards is not\xa0affiliated with the NBME, USMLE, COMLEX, NBOME or any professional licensing body.\xa0InsideTheBoards fully adheres to the policies on irregular conduct outlined by the aforementioned credentialing bodies.Music: "King Jeff and His Apprentice Bart". DJ Beezo, aka Augustine Beeman (used with permission). Follow the artist at\xa0https://soundcloud.com/dj-beezoSpecial thanks to Ike Potter, producer of ITB\'s Study Smarter Podcast for making this show possible.', 'chan_desc': "The InsideTheBoards Study Smarter Podcast: Question Dissections for the USMLE, COMLEX, and Medical School is a free, high-yield, on-the-go resource for medical students preparing for their board exams. With support from the likes of Osmosis, OnlineMedEd, Lecturio, MedSchoolCoach, Kaplan Medical and more, we're covering all the high-yield topics you're likely to see on a board exam. The Step 1 Study Smarter Series includes content covering biochemistry, behavioral sciences, cardiology, pharmacology, microbiology, renal and more. The Step 2 Study Smarter Series covers the core clerkships: Internal Medicine, Pediatrics, Surgery, Family Medicine, Psychiatry, and Ob/Gyn.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/46/1f/3e/461f3e68-ce79-cfc0-ac80-93a91b30399d/mza_8187807913637771633.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-03-08'}}

{'Surgery 101': {'title': 'Surgery 101', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Surgery-101-id107582', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Surgery 101 Team', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3737, 'play_count': 43302, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/surgery_101', 'http://surgery101.org'], 'ep_total': 393, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:16:30', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:15:44', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:13:02', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:16:14', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:05:17', 0], ['2019-07-23', '00:25:12', 0], ['2019-07-11', '00:04:29', 0], ['2019-06-19', '00:11:12', 0], ['2019-06-12', '00:10:53', 0], ['2019-06-05', '00:11:04', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': '    This week’s episode is brought to you by medical student, Megan Spafford from the University of Saskatchewan, who will be discussing how to approach and acute abdomen. After listening to this podcast you should be able to:   Define the term "acute abdomen "   Review the clinical presentation and diagnostic approach to patients presenting with acute abdominal pain   Discuss critical aspects that may influence the management and timing of management of patients with an acute abdomen.   List the differential diagnosis of acute abdominal pain   Develop an appropriate plan for the management of patients with acute abdominal pain       |     This weeks episode is brought to us by Jeyanth Inkaran a medical student at McMaster’s medical school. Jeyanth will discuss the neurosurgical wonder of intracranial vascular malformations \xa0Learning objectives are as follows:  What are the categories of vascular malformations and how do they typically present? What are the treatment options and potential consequences? How do you choose an ideal treatment? What imaging tools are useful for diagnosis?      | This is the 2nd episode in a 2-part series on dealing with trauma.\xa0 This episode is brought to you by Tiffany Paradis, a 4th year medical student at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec. Today we will discuss how to manage a patient who has undergone a trauma.\xa0 In the last episode, we looked at initial assessment and resuscitation, and in this episode we\'ll look at the management of hemorrhage. By the end of this podcast you should be able to:  Identify the two types of hemorrhage Provide three methods to control external hemorrhage Define the FAST exam, why it is performed, and the regions examined List the six locations of life threatening bleeding Define the difference between exploratory and damage control laparotomy  | This is the 1st episode in a 2-part series on dealing with trauma.\xa0 This episode is brought to you by Tiffany Paradis, a 4th year medical student at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec. Today we will discuss how to manage a patient who has undergone a trauma.\xa0 In this episode, we\'ll look at initial assessment and resuscitation, and in next week\'s episode we\'ll look at the management of hemorrhage. By the end of this podcast you should be able to:  List the four main types of shock Describe how hemorrhagic shock is classified Describe the steps to the primary survey List the three main classes of intravenous fluids What is the deadly triad  | Will Dr. Anderson choose the blue soup? Join the Surgery 101 team as we start our adventure examining health systems. Can you handle the truth? What is Dr. Anderson willing to risk to take a closer look at the system? Interested in what happens next? Please leave us a comment. |  |  | This is the 3rd and final episode in a 3-part series on global surgery, brought to you by Betty Yibrehu, a 3rd year medical student at The George Washington University in Washington, D.C.. Today we will discuss how medical students can get involved in global surgery and some ethical considerations. By the end of this podcast you should be able to:  Identify global surgery opportunities for Canadian medical students. Discuss key ethical concerns in global surgery. Discuss strategies to mitigate ethical concerns.  | This episode of Surgery 101 is the 2nd in a 3-part series about global surgery, and is brought to you by Betty Yibrehu, a 3rd year medical student at The George Washington University in Washington, D.C.. By the end of this podcast you should be able to:  Understand what a National Surgical Obstetric and Anesthesia Plan (NSOAP) is. Describe the process of developing a NSOAP. Understand the importance of data collection in global surgery. \u2028 Define capacity building and its role in global surgery.  | In this episode of Surgery 101 Betty Yibrehu, a 3rd year medical student at The George Washington University in Washington, D.C., will discuss global surgery.\xa0 By the end of this podcast you should be able to:\xa0  Define what global surgery is. Describe the Lancet Commission on Global Surgery. Define the 2030 global surgery goals.\xa0 ', 'chan_desc': "Welcome to Surgery 101, a series of podcasts produced with the help of the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Canada. The podcasts are intended to serve as brief introductions or reviews of surgical topics for medical students. We've aimed to cover a single topic in between 10-20 minutes so that you can quickly get a good idea of the basic concepts involved. Every episode is divided into chapters and concludes with several key points to summarize the topic. We are always keen to receive your feedback on our podcasts, and we are accepting suggestions for additional topics. New episodes are published every Friday.'Surgery 101' was created by Dr Parveen Boora and Dr Jonathan White, and is supported by the Department of Surgery at the University of Alberta. Our 2010 series of podcasts are brought to you by the Undergrad Surgery Mobile Podcasting Studio Team which is: Jonathan, Jenni and Tracy, with the assistance of the Surgery 101 Experts of Edmonton. Note to experts: please note that these podcasts are only intended as brief introductions for medical students - we cannot delve into the more complex nuances of advanced surgery in a 10-minute podcast. We encourage all listeners to supplement their learning by seeing patients, assisting at surgeries and reading widely!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/c0/79/cb/c079cbb3-a75f-599e-b0a5-714370f4089d/mza_7599283651119101530.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2008-09-30'}}

{'The Brave Enough Show': {'title': 'The Brave Enough Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Brave-Enough-Show-id1457655', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Dr. Sasha Shillcutt', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 39, 'play_count': 447, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.becomebraveenough.com/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 52, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '--:--:--', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:35:16', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:30:52', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:42:50', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:40:39', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:26:44', 0], ['2019-08-23', '00:29:43', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:31:50', 0], ['2019-08-09', '00:30:16', 0], ['2019-08-02', '00:21:12', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Episode\xa052:\xa0My Mom is a\xa0Doctor, with Sophia LeahIn this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0talks with\xa0one of her VIPs, her daughter, Sophia\xa0Shillcutt.\xa0They\xa0get frank and\xa0discuss the\xa0challenges\xa0of\xa0having a mother who\xa0is\xa0a\xa0full time\xa0cardiac\xa0anesthesiologist\xa0and\xa0leads women through her passion project, Brave Enough. Sophia shares what it is like to have parents who work,\xa0and how she deals with it.\xa0You do not want to miss this episode! | Episode\xa051:\xa0Embracing\xa0Your Everyday Health with Dr. Amy Shah\xa0\u202fIn this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0talks with internist and health physician Dr. Amy Shah. They discuss the challenges of healthy living in our busy world, and how women can thrive by putting themselves first. Need some tips\xa0on\xa0healthy living? You do not want to miss this episode! | Episode\xa050:\xa0How to Improve Your\xa0Sleep\xa0Health\xa0With\xa0Dr. Lynelle\xa0Schneeberg\xa0In this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0speaks with\xa0author and sleep expert Dr. Lynelle\xa0Schneeberg, a\xa0pediatric sleep psychologist\xa0and\xa0assistant professor at the Yale School of Medicine. Sasha and Lynelle talk sleep loss, getting kids to sleep (and stay there!) and the importance of sleep recovery. | Episode\xa049:\xa0A conversation on Editing Your Life\xa0with Dr. Susie Pitt\xa0\xa0\u202f\u202fIn this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0talks with Dr. Susie Pitt, an endocrine surgeon and researcher at the University of Wisconsin. Sasha and Susie talk about how small, courageous steps lead to impactful changes in the lives of ourselves and others. You do not want to miss this episode! | Episode\xa048:\xa0Career Trajectory Differences\xa0between\xa0Women and\xa0Men with\xa0Dr.\xa0Sharonne\xa0Hayes\xa0\u202fIn this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0speaks with Dr.\xa0Sharonne\xa0Hayes, Professor\xa0of Cardiovascular Medicine\xa0and Director of Diversity and Inclusion at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. | Episode\xa047: Authentic Friendships\xa0Part\xa04:\xa0The Power of Diverse Friendships\xa0In this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0chats with her\xa0dear\xa0friend, Dr.\xa0Mina Lee, a\xa0urologist in Denver\xa0and small business owner of The Style Clique.\xa0The two discuss\xa0the reality of\xa0having friendships when you are a\xa0different stages of your life.\xa0In this\xa0four-part series, these ladies hold nothing back as they discuss the truth about girlfriends\xa0and\xa0the importance of\xa0showing grace. | Episode\xa046: Authentic Friendships\xa0Part 3:\xa0Competition with other Women\xa0with Dr. Erica Howe\xa0In this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0chats with her\xa0dear\xa0friend, Dr.\xa0Erica Howe, an\xa0associate professor and hospitalist\xa0in Kansas City, Missouri.\xa0\xa0The two discuss\xa0the reality of\xa0women competing with one another.\xa0In this\xa0four-\xa0part series, these ladies hold nothing back as they discuss\xa0how women can stop competing and start encouraging one another to excel. | Episode 45: Authentic Friendships: Worth Every Challenge Part 2\xa0In this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0chats with her close friend, Dr. Ali\xa0Novitsky. The two discuss\xa0the reality of\xa0authentic friendships, the good, the bad, and the ugly.\xa0In this two-\xa0part series, these ladies hold nothing back as they discuss the truth about girlfriends, building a tribe, and\xa0the importance of\xa0forgiveness. | Episode\xa044: Authentic Friendships: Worth Every Challenge Part 1\xa0Quotes:\xa0“True friends lead you back to the authentic you.” SS\xa0In this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0chats with her close friend, Dr. Ali\xa0Novitsky. The two discuss\xa0the reality of\xa0authentic friendships, the good, the bad, and the ugly.\xa0In this two-\xa0part series, these ladies hold nothing back as they discuss the truth about girlfriends, building a tribe, and\xa0the importance of\xa0forgiveness. | Episode\xa043:\xa0Non-negotiable Self Care\xa0In this episode of The Brave Enough Show, your host, Dr. Sasha\xa0Shillcutt\xa0breaks down the reality of practicing\xa0self care, and\xa0the importance of\xa0respecting yourself to prevent burnout. She talks about what\xa0self care\xa0is and what it is not, and how we must stop shaming one another for taking time for ourselves. You don’t want to miss this episode!', 'chan_desc': 'Each episode is meant to inspire you, as Sasha & her guest discuss how to avoid work/life burnout through community, authenticity & courage. Topics include leadership development, health & wellbeing, the importance of outsourcing, setting healthy boundaries, and saying YES to the things that matter. Join in!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/97/ff/59/97ff59a2-c1da-93d5-91ac-fa57a600f8ca/mza_1879724863145023073.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-10-08'}}

{'Emergency Medical Minute': {'title': 'Emergency Medical Minute', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Emergency-Medical-Minute-id483606', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Emergency Medical Minute', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1998, 'play_count': 49466, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.emergencymedicalminute.com'], 'ep_total': 546, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:05:54', 0], ['2019-10-06', '01:00:01', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:02:23', 1], ['2019-10-01', '00:03:41', 1], ['2019-09-28', '00:03:23', 1], ['2019-09-26', '00:03:22', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:08:31', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:02:41', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:03:20', 0], ['2019-08-26', '01:05:53', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Contributor: Nick Tsipis, MD Educational Pearls:  Communication proves time and time again to be most helpful in preventing surprises after patient admission Frequent re-evaluations and repeat vital signs can be important to evaluating a patient’s risk for deterioration once admitted as well as selecting the proper level of care at admission Broad categories of patients who most commonly have a change in condition after admission are septic patients and those admitted for respiratory complaints  References Kennedy M, Joyce N, Howell MD, et al. Identifying infected ED patients admitted to the hospital ward at risk of clinical deterioration and intensive care unit transfer. Acad Emerg Med. 2010;17(10):1080–1085.\xa0 Caterino JM, Jalbuena T, Bogucki B. Predictors of acute decompensation after admission in ED patients with sepsis. Am J Emerg Med. 2010;28(5):631–636. doi: 10.1016/j.ajem.2009.04.020. Wardi G, Wali AR, Villar J, et al. Unexpected intensive care transfer of admitted patients with severe sepsis. J Intensive Care. 2017;5:43. Published 2017 Jul 12. doi:10.1186/s40560-017-0239-7 Boerma LM, Reijners EPJ, Hessels RAPA, V Hooft MAA. Risk factors for unplanned transfer to the intensive care unit after emergency department admission. Am J Emerg Med. 2017;35(8):1154–1158. Summarized by Will Dewispelaere, MS4 | Edited by Erik Verzemnieks, MD   | On the first installment of this new series, Dr. Michael Hunt shares stories, lessons and advice as he reflects on his 35 year career as an emergency physician. \xa0 Intro Music: Backbay Lounge Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ | Contributor:\xa0 Don Stader, MD Educational Pearls:  Seymour fracture is an eponym for a Salter-Harris I/II fracture of the distal phalanx of the finger or toe in children, associated with a nailbed inury These may present and subtle as a subungal hematoma with a fracture on x-ray but carry a significant risk of complications While in adults a hammer-finger deformity indicates an avulsion injury of the extensor tendon, in children it can indicate disruption of the growth plate. This is coupled with disruption of the proximal nail bed.\xa0 Because these fractures affect the growth plate, they can lead to arrest of the growth plate or chronic osteomyelitis These injuries require orthopedic consultation for possible debridement and fixation  Summarized by Will Dewispelaere, MS4 | Edited by Erik Verzemnieks, MD   | Contributor: Don Stader, MD Educational Pearls:  Only 10% of patients receiving antibiotics for strep throat actually have the diesease Treatment of strep with antibiotics only slightly reduces the duration of illness. Most studies say the reduction is between 16 and 24 hours Antibiotic treatment may reduce complications such as peritonsilar abscess and otitis media but antibiotics also increase the risk of diarrhea and yeast infection Rheumatic fever is caused by a specific serotype of strep that is no longer prevalent in the United States, so treating strep throat likely has no effect on preventing this complication\xa0  References Anand Swaminathan, "Do Patients with Strep Throat Need to Be Treated with Antibiotics?", REBEL EM blog, January 5, 2015. Available at:  https://rebelem.com/patients-strep-throat-need-treated-antibiotics/.\xa0 Summarized by Will Dewispelaere, MS4 | Edited by Erik Verzemnieks, MD   | ...coming October 2019 \xa0 Music: emotional by Barradeen | https://soundcloud.com/barradeen Music promoted by https://www.free-stock-music.com Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US | Contributor: Don Stader, MD Educational Pearls:  The eye is surrounded by relatively inflexible tissues such as the bone of the orbit and the fibrous tissue of the eye. This makes it relatively susceptible to damage from outside compression, which is most common from trauma. This phenomenon is called ocular compartment syndrome (OCS)\xa0 Look for OCS when patients have face, head or direct eye trauma\xa0 OCS will present with a swollen, bulging eye associated with pain and blurry vision. Typically diagnosed with an elevated intraocular pressure (>40) OCS needs to be treated with a lateral canthotomy to help expand the area around the eye, reducing the pressure. Can’t see the eye due to swelling? Use paper clips to make eyelid retractors!  References Lima V, Burt B, Leibovitch I, Prabhakaran V, Goldberg RA, Selva D. Orbital compartment syndrome: the ophthalmic surgical emergency. Surv Ophthalmol. 2009 Jul-Aug;54(4):441-9. doi: 10.1016/j.survophthal.2009.04.005. Review. PubMed PMID: 19539832. Rowh AD, Ufberg JW, Chan TC, Vilke GM, Harrigan RA. Lateral canthotomy and cantholysis: emergency management of orbital compartment syndrome. J Emerg Med. 2015 Mar;48(3):325-30. doi: 10.1016/j.jemermed.2014.11.002. Epub 2014 Dec 16. PubMed PMID: 25524455. Summarized by Will Dewispelaere, MS4 | Edited by Erik Verzemnieks, MD   | Contributor: Dylan Luyten, MD Educational Pearls:  Those that are hypokalemic are often hypomagnesemic, and should receive magnesium (Mg) supplementation if repleting potassium Mg levels are typically not necessary - if someone is suspect to have hypomagnesemia, just given them Mg Mg increases the AV node refractory period and therefore may be helpful as an adjunct to those in atrial fibrillation with a rapid ventricular response Mg is the preferred treatment for seizure prophylaxis in preeclampsia. All patients with suspected preeclampsia should get 4g Mg IV over 20 min Mg may reduce hospital admissions in those with severe asthma, though it has not shown to have mortality or other benefits in acute exacerbations  Editor’s note: and we didn’t even touch on  magnesium in headaches References Huang CL, Kuo E. Mechanism of hypokalemia in magnesium deficiency. J Am Soc Nephrol. 2007 Oct;18(10):2649-52. doi: 10.1681/ASN.2007070792. Epub 2007 Sep 5. Review. PubMed PMID: 17804670. Ismail Y, Ismail AA, Ismail AA. The underestimated problem of using serum magnesium measurements to exclude magnesium deficiency in adults; a health warning is needed for "normal" results. Clin Chem Lab Med. 2010 Mar;48(3):323-7. doi: 10.1515/CCLM.2010.077. PubMed PMID: 20170394. Heitz C, Morgenstern J, Bond C, Milne WK. Hot Off the Press: Low-dose Magnesium Sulfate Versus High Dose in the Early Management of Rapid Atrial Fibrillation: Randomized Controlled Double-blind Study. Acad Emerg Med. 2019 Sep;26(9):1093-1095. doi: 10.1111/acem.13720. Epub 2019 Mar 18. PubMed PMID: 30815951. Levy Z, Slesinger TL. Does intravenous magnesium reduce the need for hospital admission among adult patients with acute asthma exacerbations?. Ann Emerg Med.2015 Jun;65(6):702-3. doi: 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2014.07.019. Epub 2014 Aug 13. PubMed PMID: 25128007. Summarized by Will Dewispelaere, MS4 | Edited by Erik Verzemnieks, MD   | Contributor: Aaron Lessen, MD Educational Pearls:  Patients with psychiatric complaints are often complicated to disposition from the main ED, and many will require inpatient psychiatric stays Some health systems have dedicated psychiatric ED’s that are specialized in taking care of these patients For example, in Oakland, CA, EMS are permitted to “clear” a patient for transport to a psych-only facility. 5-year retrospective study of this system showed 40% of psych patients were cleared by EMS for transfer directly to a psychiatric facility  Only 0.3% of these patients “bounced back" and required an emergency department visit   This technique could be used elsewhere to provide the most appropriate care for psych patients\xa0  References Trivedi TK, Glenn M, Hern G, Schriger DL, Sporer KA. Emergency Medical Services Use Among Patients Receiving Involuntary Psychiatric Holds and the Safety of an Out-of-Hospital Screening Protocol to "Medically Clear" Psychiatric Emergencies in the Field, 2011 to 2016. Ann Emerg Med. 2019 Jan;73(1):42-51. doi: 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2018.08.422. Epub 2018 Sep 28. PubMed PMID: 30274946. Summarized by Will Dewispelaere, MS4 | Edited by Erik Verzemnieks, MD   | Author: Jared Scott, MD Educational Pearls:  Study from Hennepin County EM studied the efficacy of different drugs for agitation, which included 737 patients Most patients in this study were male and *surprise* drunk Compared doses of common sedatives with primary outcome of sedation at 15 minutes (all intramuscular)   haloperidol 5 mg ziprasidone 20 mg olanzapine 10 mg midazolam 5 mg haloperidol 10 mg with the main outcome of agitation at 15 minutes   Intramuscular midazolam resulted in the lowest level of agitation at 15 minutes, followed by ziprasidone. There were no differences in adverse effects.  References Klein LR, Driver BE, Miner JR, Martel ML, Hessel M, Collins JD, Horton GB, Fagerstrom E, Satpathy R, Cole JB. Intramuscular Midazolam, Olanzapine, Ziprasidone, or Haloperidol for Treating Acute Agitation in the Emergency Department. Ann Emerg Med. 2018 Oct;72(4):374-385. doi: 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2018.04.027. Epub 2018 Jun 7. PubMed PMID: 29885904. Summarized by Will Dewispelaere, MS4 | Edited by Erik Verzemnieks, MD   |  Treatment with buprenorphine is easier, less time consuming and far more effective for management of opioid withdrawal and OUD than standard care with clonidine, IVF, haldol and other symptomatic therapies.\xa0 Induction with buprenorphine is easy, requires no IV or labs, and is usually accomplished in 1-2 hours. It requires a chair, not a hospital bed.\xa0 To identify patients who are candidates, be sure they’re in sufficient opioid withdrawal using clinical impression or the COWS scale, obtain a history of type of opioid use and time of last use and any prior experience with buprenorphine, and confirm patient consent for buprenorphine induction. Precipitated withdrawal is a risk with induction if a patient is not sufficiently in withdrawal. Consensus on the treatment of precipitated withdrawal will require further study. Some protocols recommend stopping buprenorphine if withdrawal symptoms worsen, while others recommend treatment with additional doses of buprenorphine in addition to symptomatic meds. Patients should be discharged with overdose education, naloxone and a plan for close follow-up with a warm handoff to an OTP or OBOT.\xa0 For adolescents 16 years old or older with OUD, buprenorphine is an option. For pregnant women, buprenorphine is a life-saver for both fetus and mother.\xa0 ED providers can be part of the solution to the opioid epidemic. Consistent appropriate use of buprenorphine in the ED has the potential to transform ED care of patients with OUD.  Click  HERE for more information.\xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Our near daily podcasts move quickly to reflect current events, are inspired by real patient care, and speak to the true nature of what it’s like to work in the Emergency Room or Pre-Hospital Setting.  Each medical minute is recorded in a real emergency department, by the emergency physician or clinical pharmacist on duty – the ER is our studio and everything is live.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/ca/c5/b2/cac5b2bd-8fd2-afe7-b955-ad4159702cfb/mza_2835436921471143105.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-01-27'}}

{'Primary Care RAP': {'title': 'Primary Care RAP', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Primary-Care-RAP-id1405756', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Hippo Education LLC.', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 281, 'play_count': 1773, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.hippoed.com/pc/rap/'], 'ep_total': 18, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:03:14', 1], ['2019-10-01', '00:27:01', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:17:42', 2], ['2019-09-01', '00:25:10', 1], ['2019-08-01', '00:24:37', 0], ['2019-07-01', '00:25:35', 1], ['2019-06-01', '00:21:12', 0], ['2019-05-02', '00:25:36', 2], ['2019-04-02', '00:20:24', 0], ['2019-03-01', '00:16:32', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "\xa0It all started when Paul and Neda researched porphyria to answer a mailbag question. Paul couldn’t get the song ‘Ophelia’ by the Lumineers out of his head. So he did what any self-respecting lyrical genius would do and wrote a different version of the song. Hippo Education’s own Melinda Hershey brought her vocal talent to the collaboration, and voila - ‘Oh, Porphyria!’ was born. \xa0 For more incredible education like this, subscribe to PC:RAP today. You'll never miss a moment of the program and earn 42 hours of CME per year.\xa0 \xa0 | Post-contrast AKI (or contrast induced nephropathy as it used to be called) is one of those hot-button issues in modern medicine. Is it really a thing? Was it ever, really? Neda Frayha, MD sits down with Dr. Salim Rezaie of Rebel EM for an invigorating conversation about this controversial topic and what the literature actually tells us about it.\xa0 \xa0 For more incredible segments like this, subscribe to PC:RAP today. You'll never miss a moment of the program and earn 42 hours of CME per year.\xa0 \xa0  |  Given the recent spike of VAPI (vaping associated pulmonary injury) cases, our HIPPO medical editorial team review the clinical presentation and latest management recommendations for this lung disease. Mizuho Morrison and Sol Behar discuss a recent case, and review the hot-off-the-press published CDC health alert. Take a listen!     Pearls:   There has been a recent explosion in vape associated pulmonary injury, with serious morbidity and mortality.   VAPI has been more commonly associated with THC-containing products ,although a wide variety of nicotine containing products and devices have been reported.   Symptoms:\xa0     Constitutional symptoms (100%)   Respiratory distress and cough (98%)   GI symptoms: nausea, vomiting, diarrhea (80%)   Fever (30%)     Diagnosis:\xa0Vaping in past 90 days, bilateral pulmonary infiltrates on imaging, Ground-glass appearance noted on CT chest. Absence of detectable bacterial/viral infection.\xa0   Treatment:\xa0     Respiratory support   Steroids may be beneficial   Antibiotics alone do not appear to help as this is not an infectious process, rather an inflammatory one. However given initial mixed presentation, it is not unreasonable to initiate antibiotics until pneumonia is ruled out and diagnosis is confirmed.\xa0     \xa0 References:\xa0    Layden JE1,Pulmonary Illness Related to E-Cigarette Use in Illinois and Wisconsin - Preliminary Report.\xa0N Engl J Med.\xa02019 Sep 6.\xa0    https://www.cdc.gov/media/releases/2019/p0906-vaping-related-illness.html   https://emcrit.org/ibcc/vaping-associated-pulmonary-injury/\xa0   https://health.ny.gov/press/releases/2019/2019-09-05_vaping.htm   \xa0 How would you like to listen to 6 months of full episodes for free?  For the month of September, when you refer a friend to sign up for Primary Care RAP,\xa0\xa0you'll get\xa06\xa0free months of Primary Care RAP for yourself--on top of the $25 Amazon gift card you get for every friend who signs up!  Start sharing below!\xa0 Refer a friend    | We see “ALL: PCN” all the time. But how often is it true? And why does it matter? Our own Dr.Neda Frayha sits down with Dr. Torie Grant, a Med/Peds Allergist and Immunologist at Johns Hopkins, to learn all about the risks attached to a penicillin allergy label and some easy approaches to debunking this allergy in the primary care setting.\xa0 Thanks for listening to Primary Care RAP on iTunes. We\xa0hope you've learned some fantastic\xa0pearls so far from the free chapter segments.\xa0  How would you like to listen to 6 months of full episodes for free?  For the month of September, when you refer a friend to sign up for Primary Care RAP,\xa0\xa0you'll get\xa06\xa0free months of Primary Care RAP for yourself--on top of the $25 Amazon gift card you get for every friend who signs up!  Start sharing below! \xa0 Refer a friend | Can HIV be managed in the primary care setting? With today’s advances in antiretroviral therapy, the answer is yes. Infectious Disease expert Dr. Devang Patel sits down with Mizuho Morrison, DO and Neda Frayha, MD for a conversation about the latest developments in HIV treatment.\xa0 For more incredible segments like this, subscribe to PC:RAP today. You'll never miss a moment of the program and earn 42 hours of CME per year.\xa0 \xa0 | Why does storytelling in medicine matter? How can it impact our lives, and the care we provide our patients, for the better? In this segment, Neda sits down with Dr. Emily Silverman, academic hospitalist at the Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital and creator and host of The Nocturnists, to learn more about the role of narrative medicine in our work and well-being.\xa0 \xa0 Subscribe today for more incredible storytelling and 3.5 hours of CME each month. \xa0 | In this segment, Dr. Sandra Quezada teaches Tom Robertson, MD, and Neda Frayha, MD about the importance of specific health maintenance components in the care of patients with inflammatory bowel disease. We primary care providers can feel empowered to take great care of these patients without sending them back to their gastroenterologists for true primary care needs. For more incredible education like this, subscribe to PC:RAP today.You'll never miss a moment of the program and earn 42 hours of CME per year.\xa0 | Ever struggled with how to prescribe lancets, test strips, or insulin pen needles? Or wondered which syringe length or gauge to order? In this mind-blowingly practical, helpful segment, endocrinologist and clinician educator Dr. Rana Malek teaches Mizuho Morrison, DO, and Neda Frayha, MD the basics of what to order for our diabetic patients, along with tips for injection techniques, common prescribing pitfalls to avoid, attention to insulin pricing, and the new continuous glucose monitor that primary care providers will be prescribing. This segment will change your practice. \xa0 For more incredible podcasts like this, subscribe to PC:RAP today.You'll never miss a moment of the program and earn 42 hours of CME per year.\xa0 | We all advocate for our patients on a regular basis, but how many of us have blown the whistle on a massive public health crisis? In this segment, Neda interviews Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha, the Flint, MI pediatrician who opened the world’s eyes to lead in the water that was poisoning Flint’s citizens. They talk about how to become a more effective patient advocate, and how to face situations that feel scary but ultimately benefit our patients. \xa0 Subscribe today for more incredible storytelling and 3.5 hours of CME each month. | How much do we really know about the pharmacologic treatment of alcohol use disorder? After this segment with Dr. Michael Baca-Atlas and our own Neda Frayha, the answer will be, a whole lot. \xa0 Subscribe today to hear the rest of this months episode", 'chan_desc': 'Your work is hard; staying current shouldn’t be. Keep your practice ahead of the curve with entertaining, engaging and concise primary care and family medicine topics from world-class educators.This iTunes segment is just one monthly free segment of the full Primary Care RAP show. Get 3 hours of fresh podcast episodes per month and 42 AMA PRA Category 1 credit(s)™ per year when you sign up for the full podcast at hippoed.com.Don’t forget to download the Primary Care RAP app in the app store for even more streamlined listening.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/dd/b9/4c/ddb94cb8-8e10-b805-ef92-5b3474576ae0/mza_9042112215631065218.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-08-27'}}

{'NRSNG NCLEX® Question of the Day (Nursing Podcast for NCLEX® Prep and Nursing School)': {'title': 'NRSNG NCLEX® Question of the Day (Nursing Podcast for NCLEX® Prep and Nursing School)', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/NRSNG-NCLEX®-Question-of-the-Day-(Nursing-Podcast-for-NCLEX®-Prep-and-Nursing-School)-id270918', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Critical Care Nurse & NCLEX Educator', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1285, 'play_count': 7141, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/nrsngcom', 'https://www.nrsng.com/qotd'], 'ep_total': 91, 'recent_eps': [['2017-05-26', '00:10:52', 0], ['2016-08-22', '00:08:13', 0], ['2016-05-12', '00:02:40', 1], ['2016-05-11', '00:02:54', 0], ['2016-05-10', '00:02:17', 0], ['2016-05-09', '00:02:22', 0], ['2016-05-08', '00:02:25', 0], ['2016-05-05', '00:02:26', 0], ['2016-05-04', '00:01:55', 1], ['2016-05-03', '00:02:31', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Can I be honest? I had an amazing experience last month. \xa0 It was one of those moments when you are filled with thousands of emotions ranging from happiness to sadness all at the same time. \xa0Have you ever felt … ContinuedThe post I’m a Little Bit Scared to Share This #vulnerable appeared first on NRSNG. | So . . . I guess this episode is just about 8 minutes of a few thoughts on my mind. \xa0Mostly though, I just want you all to know how much you really mean to us! NRSNG.com isn’t mine . … ContinuedThe post NRSNG Isn’t Mine . . . It’s OURS! appeared first on NRSNG. | Question: An 86-year-old male patient is transferred from the long-term care facility where he lives to the hospital for treatment after falling in the hallway. The staff tell the nurse that he normally is not a fall risk and has … ContinuedThe post QOD 90: Dehydration in the Elderly (Labs/Health Promotion and Maintenance) appeared first on NRSNG. | Question: A pregnant client is in labor to deliver her baby. The mother is 39 weeks’ gestation and has had gestational diabetes during pregnancy. The mother has missed many prenatal appointments and admits that she has not checked her blood … ContinuedThe post QOD 89: Complications of Gestational Diabetes (Endocrine/Metabolic/Health Promotion and Maintenance) appeared first on NRSNG. | Question: A 35-year-old client is undergoing a bronchoscopy procedure to evaluate a mass in his airway. Following the procedure, the nurse periodically assesses the patients cough and gag reflexes. Which best describes the rationale for this action? Answer: D. \xa0To … ContinuedThe post QOD 88: Aspiration After Bronchoscopy (Respiratory/Health Promotion and Maintenance) appeared first on NRSNG. | Question: A nurse is caring for a 15-year-old girl who is recovering from an appendectomy. The nurse is trying to assess the patients level of pain. Which question from the nurse would be most appropriate for determining the intensity of … ContinuedThe post QOD-87 Assessment of Pain (GI/GU/Health Promotion and Maintenance) appeared first on NRSNG. | Question: A nurse working in the newborn nursery is caring for an infant who was born 3 hours ago. The infant’s axillary temperature is 97.0F and the nurse notes that his respiratory rate is 60/minute. Which action of the nurse … ContinuedThe post QOD 86: Hypothermia in an Infant (OB/Peds/Health Promotion and Maintenance) appeared first on NRSNG. | Question: An 80-year-old patient is being seen at the primary care clinic for routine care. The nurse performs a physical assessment on the patient. Based on the potential changes in the cardiac system associated with aging, which instructions would the … ContinuedThe post QOD 85: Cardiac Changes Related to Aging (Cardiac/Health Promotion and Maintenance) appeared first on NRSNG. | Question: A nurse needs to assess a patients back and listen to posterior lung sounds. In which position would it be most appropriate to place this patient? Answer: D. \xa0High Fowler’s Rationale:\xa0 To assess the back and listen to posterior … ContinuedThe post QOD 84: Best Patient Position to assess Posterior Lung Sounds (Respiratory/Health Promotion and Maintenance) appeared first on NRSNG. | Question: A 35-year-old pregnant patient tells the nurse that she has been feeling significant stress in her life since she found out she was pregnant. Select all of the appropriate measures the nurse can suggest as part of stress reduction … ContinuedThe post QOD 83: Stress Reduction in Pregnancy (Mental Health/Health Promotion and Maintenance) appeared first on NRSNG.', 'chan_desc': "5 minute podcast episode for nursing students that covers one NCLEX® style question and rationale .   Free Nursing School and NCLEX® Cheat Sheets at NRSNG.com/freebiesThe perfect podcast for nursing students preparing for the NCLEX®.  Want to ace the NCLEX . . . this is your ticket.  Each podcast covers a question and the correct answer with rational.   Nursing is hard . . . learning it doesn't have to be! NCSBN holds no affiliation with NRSNG.comFind us on social media and send us an email . . . tell us whats up!  contact@nrsng.comJon Haws RN,  is a critical care registered nurse in a Level I Trauma hospital in Dallas, TX. Jon is the creator of NRSNG.com.  Visit the site and check out the books on Amazon.com.  For full disclaimer information visit: NRSNG.com/about.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/c2/b6/e5/c2b6e5da-99a7-ddff-a9f2-1314a2e3a287/mza_6357723680542560068.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-12-23'}}

{'APTA Podcasts': {'title': 'APTA Podcasts', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/APTA-Podcasts-id819929', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'American Physical Therapy Association', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 365, 'play_count': 3902, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://aptacasts.com/category/aptapodcasts/'], 'ep_total': 150, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:53:55', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:23:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:00:48', 0], ['2019-09-06', '00:21:16', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:34:31', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:06:08', 0], ['2019-08-23', '00:07:56', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:58:09', 0], ['2019-08-16', '00:14:09', 0], ['2019-08-13', '00:13:35', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Live #XchangeSA chat with Joseph Donnelly, PT, DHS , what you need to know about dry needling, trigger points, and myofascial pain syndrome and how physical therapy can work in these areas. http://www.apta.org/Xchangesa/ | MUSC students created a program to expose young students from minority populations to the physical therapy profession, and pairing them with mentors to help nurture them. In this episode, Spencer talks about these initiatives and the crucial role DEI plays in the profession. http://www.apta.org/Blogs/Pulse/2019/9/Podcast/Pipelines/ | APTA’s live #xchangeSA chat with Steven George, PT, PhD, FAPTA, to discuss the complexity of managing patients and clients who experience chronic pain. http://apta.org/Xchangesa/ | Interview with François Desmeules on the current evidence regarding physical therapist care for patients with MSKD in EDs and to update current recommendations for these models of care. https://academic.oup.com/ptj/article-abstract/99/9/1150/5554395 | Physical therapist Sarah Wenger discusses the complexity of chronic pain management, including the mental and emotional aspects of chronic pain and reassures younger clinicians that they are well prepared to make a meaningful impact in the lives of people with chronic pain.http://www.apta.org/Blogs/Pulse/2019/8/Podcast/Pain/ | Helping children with disabilities experience the power of dance. By Michelle McGuire, PT, MPT | Physical therapist Jaclyn Marie Arrow, PT, DPT, Board-Certified Clinical Specialist in Sports Physical Therapy, discusses her session “He Said, She Said: How Personality and Communication Can Improve Patient Education.”. | Lisa VanHoose, PT, PhD talks about advancing DEI in the profession. http://www.apta.org/Xchangesa/ | Thomas G. McPoil, PT, PhD, FAPTA, discusses his Mary McMillan Lecture at APTA’s NEXT 2019 in Chicago. | Thubi H.A. Kolobe, PT, PhD, FAPTA, discusses her research and an upcoming article in PTJ at NEXT 2019 in Chicago.', 'chan_desc': 'Podcasts for physical therapists, physical therapist assistants, and students of physical therapy. ', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/a5/9f/3e/a59f3ea9-f7f8-daff-4c3a-28c40c216acb/mza_2395165301407084285.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-06-02'}}

{'APEX Live Anesthesia': {'title': 'APEX Live Anesthesia', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/APEX-Live-Anesthesia-id2184264', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'APEX Live', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 105, 'play_count': 235, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.apexanesthesia.com/'], 'ep_total': 6, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:57:53', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:34:30', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:19:36', 1], ['2019-07-01', '00:23:05', 1], ['2019-06-28', '00:08:28', 0], ['2019-06-26', '00:00:06', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "In this episode of the APEX Live Anesthesia Podcast we talk about the effort that goes into identifying and preventing aspiration and the controversies that surround RSI and cricoid pressure. We take a look at past research and opinions that have shaped the way we manage the prevention of aspiration, and what current research and opinion tells us now. \xa0 What You’ll Learn  What is the history of aspiration prophylaxis? What are risk factors for aspiration? What does current evidence and opinion say about the administration of prophylactic medication for aspiration? Should ventilation be performed during rapid sequence induction? Is cricoid pressure really effective?  \xa0 Resources/information discussed in podcast     Risk factors for Aspiration from Nagelhout – Nurse Anesthesia ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Emergency surgery ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Full stomach ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Obstetrics ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Gastrointestinal obstruction ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Ascites ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Diabetic gastroparesis ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Hiatal hernia ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Peptic ulcer disease ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Difficult airway management ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 High gastric pressures/lower esophageal sphincter tone ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Impaired airway reflexes ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Head injury ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Depressed level of consciousness ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Seizures ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Obesity ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Scleroderma ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Trauma or stress ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Nausea or vomiting ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Opioids ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Cricoid pressure ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Cardiac arrest ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Severe hypotension ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Inadequate anesthesia     \xa0Recommended Resources  Driver BE et al. Drug Order in Rapid Sequence Intubation. Acad Emerg Med. 2019 Mar 4. doi: 10.1111/acem.13723. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30834639 Masashi O, et al. The effectiveness of rapid sequence intubation (RSI) versus non-RSI in emergency department: an analysis of multicenter prospective observational study. Int J Emerg Med. 2017; 10:1. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5267589/ Nagelhout JJ. AANA journal course. Update for nurse anesthetists. Aspiration prophylaxis: is it time for changes in our practice? AANA J. 2003 Aug;71(4):299-303. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/13677226 Algie CM et al. Effectiveness and risks of cricoid pressure during rapid sequence induction for endotracheal intubation (Review). Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2015 Nov 18;(11):CD011656. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26578526 Boet S. et al. Cricoid pressure provides incomplete esophageal occlusion associated with lateral deviation: a magnetic resonance imaging study. J Emerg Med. 2012; 42: 606-11. ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21669510 Ehrenfeld, JM, et al. Modified RSI and Intubation: A survey of United States Current Practice. Anesth Analg. 2012 Jul; 115(1): 95-101. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3270153/ Schlesinger, S, Blanchfield, D. Modified rapid sequence induction of anesthesia: A survey of current clinical practice. AANA J. 2001; 69(4): 291-298.  https://www.aana.com/docs/default-source/aana-journal-web-documents-1/modified_rapidseq0801_p291-298.pdf?sfvrsn=897f48b1_6 Sajayan, A, et al. Current practice of rapid sequence induction of anaesthesia in the UK - a national survey. Br J Anaesth. 2016 Sept; suppl 1: 169-174. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26917599 Zeidan, AM, et al. The effectiveness of cricoid pressure for occluding the esophageal entrance in anesthetized and paralyzed patients: An experimental and observational glidescope study.\xa0Anesth Analg2014;\xa0118:580–6. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24557105 Rice, MJ, et al. Cricoid pressure results in compression of the postcricoid hypopharynx: The esophageal position is irrelevant. Anesth Analg. 2009; 109: 1546-52. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19843793 Kei J . et al. Using ultrasonography to assess the effectiveness of cricoid pressure on esophageal compression. J Emerg Med. 2017; 53: 236-40. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28602458 Trethewy CE, et al. Ideal cricoid pressure is biomechanically impossible during laryngoscopy. Acad Emerg Med. 2018 Jan;25(1):94-98. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28960597 Lee D, et al. A multicenter prospective cohort study of the accuracy of conventional landmark technique for cricoid localization using ultrasound scanning. 2018: Oct;73(10):1229-1234. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30044502 Salem MR, et al. Which Is the Original and Which Is the Modified Rapid Sequence Induction and Intubation? Let History Be the Judge! Anesth Analg. 2013: an;116(1):264-5. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23387067 Mendelson CL. The aspiration of stomach contents into the lungs during obstetric anesthesia. Am J Obstet Gynecol. 1946;52:191–205. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20993766 Sellick BA. Cricoid pressure to control regurgitation of stomach contents during induction of Anesthesia. Lancet. 1961;2:404–6. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/13749923 Stept WJ, & Safar P. Rapid induction-intubation for prevention of gastric-content aspiration. Anesth & Analg. 1970 Jul-Aug;49(4):633-6. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/5534675 Roberts RB & Shirley MA. Reducing the risk of acid aspiration during cesarean section. Anesth & Analg. 1974 Nov-Dec;53(6):859-68. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/4473928 Salem MR, et al. Cricoid Pressure Controversies: Narrative Review. 2017 Apr;126(4):738-752.  https://anesthesiology.pubs.asahq.org/article.aspx?articleid=2596248 Falyar CR, & Kantzavelos L. Clinical Application of Point-of-Care Ultrasound Gastric Examination in the Management of an ASA Class 3E Patient: A Case Report. AANA J. 2018 Oct; 86(5):379-82.  https://www.aana.com/docs/default-source/aana-journal-web-documents-1/clinical-application-of-point-of-care-ultrasound-gastric-examination-in-the-management-of-an-asa-class-3e-patient-a-case-report.pdf?sfvrsn=7a0754b1_6 Schuller PJ et al. Response to bispectral index to neuromuscular block in awake volunteers. Brit J Anaesth. 2015 Jul;115 Suppl 1:i95-i103. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26174308  \xa0 About Our Hosts\xa0 Sass Elisha EdD, CRNA, FAAN Sass been an academic and clinical educator at Kaiser Permanente School of Anesthesia since 2000. Dr. Elisha believes in the concept of a learning community where knowledge and ideas are shared to augment everyone’s understanding. As a result, he has made it a priority to disseminate information by contributing to multiple publications including Nurse Anesthesia, Case Management in Nurse Anesthesia and Crises Management in Nurse Anesthesia. His participation in additional scholarly activities help to further serve nurse anesthetists; publications including original research, a past COA director, a speaker at local, state and national conferences, and a volunteer for high school children who are interested in a career in healthcare. “I seek a method where teachers teach less and learners learn more.” Johann Comenius \xa0 Jeremy Heiner EdD, CRNA Jeremy is a clinician and an educator. He incorporates his favorite quote by Teddy Roosevelt into his clinical and educational practice: “Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.” Since 2004, Dr. Heiner has been working as a certified registered nurse anesthetist. In 2008 he joined Kaiser Permanente School of Anesthesia as an academic and clinical educator.\xa0 His contribution to CRNA learning includes producing clinically based anesthesia and critical care films, authoring textbooks and journal articles, presenting various anesthesia concepts at local, state, & national meetings, and chairing a NBCRNA test committee. He has over 10 years in independent practice and 15 years in an ACT model. \xa0 About APEX Live APEX Anesthesia teamed up with Sass Elisha EdD, CRNA, FAAN and Jeremy Heiner Ed.D., CRNA to bring you APEX Live – An engaging conference experience for CRNAs by CRNAs. We’ll help you prepare for the CPC Assessment in a fun and clinically relevant way. \xa0 Attend an APEX Live Conference Learn more about APEX Live events at www.apexlive.com. \xa0 Comments or Suggestions? We’re here to help you improve your practice, and we want to make sure our content is relevant for you. Click here to share your comments and suggestions. \xa0 Legal Disclaimer APEX Anesthesia Review, LLC expressly disclaims any liability in connection with the use of any content in its podcasts, social media posts, and all other published content by any third party. Music by Eino Toivanen,\xa0kongano.com | Episode Summary In this episode of the APEX Live Anesthesia Podcast, we will discuss hypotension and the treatments you can consider when you experience refractory hypotension. We talk about different causes of refractory hypotension with a focus on vasoplegic syndrome, what causes vasoplegic syndrome, and specific treatments for vasoplegic syndrome. \xa0 What You’ll Learn  What is the difference between vasoplegic syndrome and refractory hypotension? What are causes of refractory hypotension? How do you treat refractory hypotension? How would you manage vasoplegic syndrome?  \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Attend an APEX Live Conference Learn more about APEX Live events at www.apexlive.com.\xa0 \xa0 About APEX Live APEX Anesthesia teamed up with Sass Elisha EdD, CRNA, FAAN and Jeremy Heiner Ed.D., CRNA to bring you APEX Live – An engaging conference experience for CRNAs by CRNAs. We’ll help you prepare for the CPC Assessment in a fun and clinically relevant way. \xa0 Legal Disclaimer APEX Anesthesia Review, LLC expressly disclaims any liability in connection with the use of any content in its podcasts, social media posts, and all other published content by any third party. \xa0 Music by Eino Toivanen,\xa0kongano.com | In this episode of the APEX Live Anesthesia Podcast, we will briefly review the function of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, talk about both glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids, and discuss to supplement and why. We’ll discuss the serious crisis that can occur when insufficient amounts of these hormones are available. We’ll finish by discussing what the evidences says about important topics related to steroids such as the best dose for PONV prophylaxis, should they be given for pain management, and if steroid administration perioperatively affects site infections or cancer recurrence. \xa0 What You’ll Learn  Can you review that blasted HPA axis? What is the difference between glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids, and which should I administer? What does it mean to have acute adrenal insufficiency? What is the best dose for PONV prophylaxis? Does a single dose of steroid perioperatively affect site infection or cancer recurrence?  \xa0 Attend an APEX Live Conference Learn more about APEX Live events at www.apexlive.com.\xa0 \xa0 About APEX Live APEX Anesthesia teamed up with Sass Elisha EdD, CRNA, FAAN and Jeremy Heiner Ed.D., CRNA to bring you APEX Live – An engaging conference experience for CRNAs by CRNAs. We’ll help you prepare for the CPC Assessment in a fun and clinically relevant way. \xa0 Legal Disclaimer APEX Anesthesia Review, LLC expressly disclaims any liability in connection with the use of any content in its podcasts, social media posts, and all other published content by any third party. \xa0 Music by Eino Toivanen,\xa0kongano.com | In this episode of the APEX Live Anesthesia Podcast, we'll review the principles of pulse oximetry. Then, we'll consider a selection of clinically relevant topics related to using the pulse oximeter in the preoperative period. Finally, we'll tie it all together with a case study. \xa0 What You'll Learn  How does the pulse oximeter work? What are the advantages and clinical applications of pulse oximetry? What are the limitations of pulse oximetry? Is the pulse oximeter a good monitor of ventilation? What conditions can cause the pulse oximeter to be unreliable?  \xa0 Attend an APEX Live Conference Learn more about APEX Live events at www.apexlive.com.\xa0 \xa0 About APEX Live APEX Anesthesia teamed up with Sass Elisha EdD, CRNA, FAAN and Jeremy Heiner Ed.D., CRNA to bring you APEX Live – An engaging conference experience for CRNAs by CRNAs. We’ll help you prepare for the CPC Assessment in a fun and clinically relevant way. \xa0 Legal Disclaimer APEX Anesthesia Review, LLC expressly disclaims any liability in connection with the use of any content in its podcasts, social media posts, and all other published content by any third party. \xa0 Music by Eino Toivanen,\xa0kongano.com | Attend an APEX Live Conference Learn more about APEX Live events at www.apexlive.com.\xa0 \xa0 About APEX Live APEX Anesthesia teamed up with Sass Elisha EdD, CRNA, FAAN and Jeremy Heiner Ed.D., CRNA to bring you APEX Live – An engaging conference experience for CRNAs by CRNAs. We’ll help you prepare for the CPC Assessment in a fun and clinically relevant way. \xa0 Legal Disclaimer APEX Anesthesia Review, LLC expressly disclaims any liability in connection with the use of any content in its podcasts, social media posts, and all other published content by any third party. \xa0 Music by Eino Toivanen,\xa0kongano.com | Coming soon. Subscribe now.", 'chan_desc': 'Practical anesthesia knowledge and wisdom for CRNAs by CRNAs.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/9f/9e/4d/9f9e4d7e-1d44-6979-8c19-d19cd406ec9a/mza_3260525989783635488.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-06-26'}}

{'RESUS NURSE': {'title': 'RESUS NURSE', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/RESUS-NURSE-id577520', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Yun Cee Dirsa RN', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 191, 'play_count': 763, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://resusnurse.com'], 'ep_total': 20, 'recent_eps': [['2018-09-12', '00:29:22', 0], ['2018-09-12', '00:26:34', 0], ['2018-08-20', '00:38:34', 0], ['2018-07-25', '00:21:27', 0], ['2018-04-27', '00:34:27', 0], ['2018-03-25', '00:20:35', 0], ['2017-12-14', '00:26:44', 1], ['2017-11-17', '00:36:41', 0], ['2017-11-02', '00:17:22', 0], ['2017-10-29', '00:30:34', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Bret P. Nelson, MD, RDMS, FACEPCourtesy of Bret NelsonTwitter: @bretpnelsonWebsite: SinaiEM.usYouTube:\xa0SinaiEMultrasoundBret Nelson is a Professor of Emergency Medicine, Chief of the Emergency Medicine Ultrasound Division at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Chief Editor of the ultrasound education website, www.SinaiEM.us.\xa0He is on the board of directors of the Society for Clinical Ultrasound Fellowships and active in the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP)\'s Ultrasound Section and is among the authors of ACEP\'s Emergency Ultrasound Guidelines.\xa0Served on the Board of Directors of the World Interactive Network Focused on Critical Ultrasound (WINFOCUS) and was Chair of the American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine’s Point of Care Community of PracticeAuthored several books, Manual of Emergency and Critical Care Ultrasound, Emergency Medicine Oral Board Review Illustrated, Atlas of Handheld Ultrasound, and Acute Care Casebook.Dr. Nelson has lectured throughout the world on the use of point-of-care ultrasound to aid medical decision-making and improve patient safety. His research interests include ultrasound and medical education.Want to take a Ultrasound Guided Peripheral IV Intensive Course?We have one coming up! Saturday October 13, 2018We\'re providing a 4:1 attendee to instructor ratio in a 4 hour training program so you get tons of hands on experience to learn this awesome skill!\xa0Spots are limited! Sign up and complete info here at EventBrite\xa0Resus Nurse Podcast and Blog Discount: ResusNurse10USG PIV Course10132018 PDFMissed 021 Nurses Placing Ultrasound Guided IV Access w/Bret Nelson, MD\xa0Episode? Click Here"This isn\'t some brand new skill. This is a technique through which you can optimize your existing skills in venous access." ~Bret NelsonHow to Start a Nurse Ultrasound IV Training Program?!Nurse Driven ProgramNurses interested in ultrasound should be the course director(s).Doesn\'t necessarily have to be the unit Nurse Educator.If working with MD, have multiple Course Directors or MD can be there to help out initially.Nurses can and should drive this program.Nurses teaching nurses a new skill offers insight that providers aren\'t able to provide.Only takes 1-2 Nurses to drive practice change within a unit!Multidisciplinary Course Directors and/or Instructors (RN and MD)Both nurses and physicians bring a lot of their own skills to the table.Combining skills, we learn from each other and ultimately become better at obtaining IV access with ultrasound use.ED Initiative for ED Nurses and ED Culture Utilizing Multidisciplinary SupportA positive initiative that improves patient care.We created a culture where once a nurse finishes competency, they are able to place ultrasound-guided IV access on their own. Sometimes, you run into trouble and usually it\'s because the patient has limited veins, so they are still able to ask for help. Have another person look with the ultrasound. It\'s okay to ask for help!This has also increased more collegial respect between disciplines and increased teamwork.Nurse buy-in and Physician buy-inWe decided to make this program optional for nurses.Currently we only have this program for our adult population in the ED.Nurses love the program and so do our patients!Support from Nursing and Physician LeadershipTalk to your Nursing and Physician Directors of your department.Keep them in the loop.I have found Leadership to be extremely supportive and helpful.Nursing Policy and Nursing EducationWritten policy for nurses is important to have in writing within your department/institution.Work with your Nursing Director and/or Nursing Education in order to develop policy if it\'s not already written or change/expand existing policy.Know your policy. Some may restrict this skill to nurses working in specific departments. | Bret P. Nelson, MD, RDMS, FACEPCourtesy of Bret NelsonTwitter: @bretpnelsonWebsite: SinaiEM.usYouTube:\xa0SinaiEMultrasoundBret Nelson is a Professor of Emergency Medicine, Chief of the Emergency Medicine Ultrasound Division at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Chief Editor of the ultrasound education website, www.SinaiEM.us.\xa0He is on the board of directors of the Society for Clinical Ultrasound Fellowships and active in the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP)\'s Ultrasound Section and is among the authors of ACEP\'s Emergency Ultrasound Guidelines.\xa0Served on the Board of Directors of the World Interactive Network Focused on Critical Ultrasound (WINFOCUS) and was Chair of the American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine’s Point of Care Community of Practice.Authored several books, Manual of Emergency and Critical Care Ultrasound, Emergency Medicine Oral Board Review Illustrated, Atlas of Handheld Ultrasound, and Acute Care Casebook.Dr Nelson has lectured throughout the world on the use of point-of-care ultrasound to aid medical decision-making and improve patient safety. His research interests include ultrasound and medical education."10 years ago a\xa0patient will say, \'Only Mary on the 9th floor is going to get near my vessels\'....now the patients say, \'I\'m a tough stick, so use ultrasound.\' It\'s almost like anyone can get a pass from the patient\'s perspective...ultrasound is the great equalizer." ~Bret NelsonCan RNs perform USG PIV safely? Yes!Within Nursing Scope of Care!! Yes!!American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine (AIUM) White Paper in conjunction with:American Academy of Physician Assistants (AAPA)American Association of Critical Care Nurses (AACN)American Association of Nurse Anesthetists (AANA)American Society of Diagnostic and Interventional Nephrology (ASDN)American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP)American Society of Echocardiography (ASE)Association of Physician Assistants in Cardiovascular Surgery (APACS)Association for Vascular Access (AVA)Infusion Nurses Society (INS)Renal Physicians Association (RPA)Society of Diagnostic Medical Sonography (SDMS)Society for Vascular Ultrasound (SVU)Emergency Nurses Association (ENA) Clinical Practice Guideline for Difficult IV AccessWhy Nurses?Nurses are masters at IV insertionsUltrasound is another tool in the tool belt for difficult IV access.Ultrasound is a natural progression for nurses who are experienced in obtaining IV accessNurses have the best tricks to get those tough IV lines like applying heat.Nurses already use other technology including infrared light, LED, and head lampsJournal articles show high success rate!~85 after approximately 10-15 attempts~95% after approximately 20-25 attemptsToo many articles - click here for dropbox link and easy download.Empowering nurses with an advanced skillNurses are able to identify a patient as a hard stick and obtain IV access with ultrasound without waiting for a physician to place the IV.Nurses who need to develop their IV skills have a skill to strive for.Patient SatisfactionNurses are able to identify patients who are a hard stick. Patients have reduced failed attempts prior to an ultrasound guided placed IV access.Essentially, patients get stuck less but get good results. Patients know they are a hard stick - they are happy.Who Should be getting USG PIV?Patients who have difficult intravenous access.*If you can place an IV in a conventional or traditional method, do it. ~Yun CeeIdentified difficult IV access populations:Oncology/ChemotherapySickle CellRenal/HemodialysisObeseRepeat Hospital AdmissionsShockIV Drug AbuseDiabeticEdematousDehydrationPediatricReduces CLABSI by NOT placing central venous lines because you have peripheral IV ac... | Sergey M. Motov, MD, FAAEMCourtesy of Sergey M. Motov, MDTwitter @painfreeEDDr. Motov is an Emergency Medicine Physician practicing in the Department of Emergency Medicine at Maimonides Medical Center, Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from Medical Academy of Latvia and completed his EM residency at Maimonides Medical Center. Dr. Motov is an Associate Research Director who is passionate about safe and effective pain management in the ED.\xa0 He has numerous publications on the subject of opioid alternatives in pain management, and is actively involved in growing this body of work both nationally and globally\xa0Missed Episode 011? Low Dose Ketamine for Pain - Administration Explained!\xa0Click HereMissed Episode 018? Deep Dive on Continuous Sub-Dissociative Dose Ketamine Infusions, Ketamine in Geriatrics?, Ethics & More\xa0Click HereA\xa0Candid Conversation on having a Hydromorphone-Free ED with Sergey Motov, MD FAAEMThis episode was recorded earlier in the year at the same time as the Deep Dive Continuous Sub-Dissociative Dose Ketamine discussion.Are people forgetting how powerful hydromorphone is?Some people do forget, majority have not been educated.Why are we now using so much hydromorphone?This medication was basically thrown at us. "Use it. It’s a great and safe medication alternative to morphine." Without actual explanations of equi-analgesic conversion, potency, or lipophilicity (lipid solubility) in comparison to morphine.Morphine 8mg or Hydromorphone 1mg?There’s something mental about giving a single digit dose of an opiod versus double digit.It’s much easier to prescribe 1mg, 2mg, 3mg…6mg of hydromorphone than let’s say 10mg of morphine without understanding that hydromorphone 2mg = morphine 16mg.Hydromorphone 1mg = Morphine 8mgHydromorphone 2mg = Morphine 16mg48% ED attendings lack pharmacological\xa0understanding or validity of why they are using one opioid over anotherOpioid-Naive PatientsFirst-line medication - should NOT be hydromorphoneInitial hydromorphone dose should be 0.2-0.4mg\xa0(If you must, for opioid-naive patients)Conversion: Morphine 2-4/5mg doseHow to administer opioids? Titrate at Specified Intervals *Clinical PearlSingle dose of opioids will not do the trick. No matter how you dose it (weight based or fixed).Start with a lower dose. Reeval every 10-15 minutes. Ask the patient if they need more. Give another dose as needed. Repeat.No need to wait 4 hours for the next opioid dose.Morphine peak time ~20 minutesHydromorphone peak time ~15 minutesMorphine, hydromorphone and fentanyl are pure mu receptor agonists with no analgesic ceiling.Titrate\xa0opioids up until one or two things will happen: Pain is optimized or they stop breathingClinical Example:Patient received 3 doses of morphine: 4mg, 4mg, 4mg. Still has pain. Now what? You want to give an opioid. Which one?Some may switch to hydromorphone. But why?Hydromorphone is not any different than morphine except for potency.The most potent\xa0opioid is fentanyl. Problem is fentanyl has a shorter half life so\xa0will have to\xa0re-dose more often.Consider adding non-opioid analgesic modalitiesIf you do switch to hydromorphone - remember to add previous morphine doses and convert equianalgesia for total dosage. i.e. Morphine 12 mg (4mg x3) + Hydromorphone 1mg (Morphine 8mg) = Morphine 20mgOpioid-Induced HyperalgesiaThe longer a patient uses opioids to treat pain, the patient will most likely develop hyperalgesia and will ultimately require a higher dose to treat their pain which will eventually lead to tolerance and possibly addiction. Constantly requires a higher dose.Hydromorphone has a Higher Abuse Potential than MorphineHydromorphone is 10x more lipophilic than morphine. Penetrates the blood brain barrier significantly faster and saturates the mu receptors faster.It translates to a euphoria, | Nursing Intubation Checklist - Yes, Really.Over the years I’ve developed a personal Nursing Intubation Checklist that I have for myself when preparing for RSI, DSI, or an awake intubation. This has saved my ass while working on very sick patients. Some of my checklist items cross over with the provider’s checklist. I’m sure it will evolve and I will update as needed.You may still be scrambling, but you can save yourself from going into a panic mode if your patient starts crashing and you’re trying to do everything so you don’t need to start compressions - tall order.Generally, I don’t hand over the intubation meds to the doctors until MY checklist is complete. There’s almost always time with DSI and awake intubations. With RSI you may not have as much time and you may need to hand over the intubation meds before finishing your checklist - the patient needs the airway NOW.Do you have a Nursing Intubation Checklist?Looking forward to having feedback and a discussion as to what should be added or taken away.Intubation has 4 main PartsThe Decision to IntubateSetting Up for IntubationIntubationPost Intubation CareSome of my thoughts on IntubationCommunicate with your provider as to what the plan of care is:BP low - do we need push dose pressors or vasopressors before and/or after intubation?Are we anticipating central line or A-line?Post Intubation Care is the most critical part of intubation (in my opinion) and it\'s VERY NURSING HEAVY.Providers should stick around and watch the patient. Patients like to crash right around this time.If your provider is not your ED Provider, they really need to stick around and not go upstairs.The more you have set up PRIOR to intubation, the SMOOTHER\xa0your post intubation care.Soooo Nursing Heavy that there will be a separate episode on Post Intubation Care...stay tuned!Here’s my Nursing Intubation Checklist2-3 IV linesI prefer 3. Sometimes I even put in 4 or 5. Just depends on what I need or anticipate.Especially if they are very sick and you have a sneaky suspicion that you will need a NE drip for a crashing BP.\xa0You may need PDP but if you already have a drip ready to go - even better!Mentally think which medications and how many lines you need. Not all medications are compatible through the same line.Pet Peeve Alert! If a provider tells you, don’t worry about the extra IV line, we’ll put in a central line afterwards - don’t listen to them!If your patient is sick enough that the provider is already anticipating the need for a central and/or A line - you betcha you will need those extra IV lines while it takes them 20-30 minutes to put in that central line.Your patient may not have 20-30 minutes to spare if they are that sick because remember, you are doing a lot of medication adjustments for post intubation care.Make sure these are actually good lines. If they are not, this is the time to put in an ultrasound guided peripheral IV line or two.Traumatic Arrests or Hemorrhagic Shock may require 18 gauge or larger IV lines for massive blood transfusion. Pet Peeve Alert! But my rule of thumb is, if you can DEFINITELY get a 20 gauge in - I’d rather that you get the IV line rather than trying to only go for an 18 gauge or larger and then blowing all of your lines. This is not the time to have your ego in the way of patient care.The larger IV lines, if still required, can be placed after intubation with ultrasound guided peripheral IV placement in this situation.Your provider should also be thinking about inserting a cortis so you can rapidly infuse blood products through that line.If you\'re the provider - communicate this thought process to your nurse.Verbal Orders of Intubation Medications AND Post-intubation sedation.Both set of orders PRIOR to intubation - you will have a smoother transition for your patient during... | Sergey M. Motov, MD, FAAEMCourtesy of Sergey M. Motov, MDTwitter @painfreeEDDr. Motov is an Emergency Medicine Physician practicing in the Department of Emergency Medicine at Maimonides Medical Center, Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from Medical Academy of Latvia and completed his EM residency at Maimonides Medical Center. Dr. Motov is an Associate Research Director who is passionate about safe and effective pain management in the ED.\xa0 He has numerous publications on the subject of opioid alternatives in pain management, and is actively involved in growing this body of work both nationally and globallyMissed the Low Dose Ketamine for Pain - Administration Explained! Episode? Click HereWe wanted to do a Follow-Up Episode about Sub-Dissociative or Low-Dose Ketamine (SDK) Infusions.Then this research got published...Continuous Intravenous Sub-Dissociative Dose Ketamine Infusion for Managing Pain in the Emergency DepartmentAuthors:\xa0Motov, Sergey;\xa0Drapkin, Jefferson;\xa0Likourezos, Antonios;\xa0Beals, Tyler;\xa0Monfort, Ralph;\xa0Fromm, Christian;\xa0Marshall, JohnWestern Journal of Emergency Medicine: Integrating Emergency Care with Population HealthPublication Date: March 3, 2018Sergey is back and talks about his research and findings...Impressive Pain Reduction >3 on Numeric Pain Scale60 Minutes, 65% of Patients120 Minutes, 68% of PatientsHow does Continuous SDK Infusion Work?"Ketamine\'s rapid onset, and super rapid saturation of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors and will give you an initial jolt of pain relief.But if you do it relatively slowly, the saturation will be a little slower, but it will last much, much longer.That\'s why I believe the results of patients experiencing significant reduction of pain at 60 and 120 minutes, a direct consequence of this particular way of giving ketamine."- Sergey Motov, MDMost Patients Enrolled in Study Received a Loading/Short Bolus Infusion prior to Continuous SDK InfusionWho received the most benefits? Patients with...Oncology/Cancer Pain (Chronic and Metastatic)Oncology patients normally have multiple modalities to treat their pain.Can have very high baseline PO opioid doses (i.e. morphine 300mg PO, fentanyl patches). Administering morphine 4mg or hydromorphone 1mg IVP will do absolutely nothing for these patients.The opioid dose needed is so high that the side effects are intolerable (i.e. nausea, vomiting). Increase CNS depression, respiratory depression, morbidity, and mortality in very high, inhumane doses.Continuous Sub-Dissociative Ketamine Infusions can be used as an adjunct therapyFYI: Ketamine comes in PO form (pill and liquid)Ethical Alert! Concern for abuse is real, don\'t prescribe it. Highly addictive and highly\xa0abused.Just know that it\'s out there, may have application to some chronic oncology patient population.Abdominal Pain (Pancreatitis, Intractable, Unknown Etiology)Sub-Dissociative Ketamine is the most beneficial modality for\xa0chronic intractable pain with or without non opioid adjunct therapy with functional abdominal pain (i.e. secondary to toxicology emergency).Psyche component for unknown etiology abdominal pain?Simple conversation with biofeedback, psycho-social counseling, encouragement, and reassuranceNormal Physical ExamMay not need any interventionsSickle Cell Crisis PainUse of continuous SDK infusion decreases opioid needs by 50%Barriers:Admitted Sickle Cell Crisis Patients will not get SDK infusions on inpatient units and will go back to hydromorphone PCA pumpsInpatient Providers\' and Nurses\' familiarity and understanding of SDK infusionsConvincing Patients to try SDK as adjunct therapy for painInterdepartmental protocol.Work Around:Admit patients to an observation unit with SDK protocols in place.Utilize Clinical Nurse Educators to develop nursing policy.Interdisciplinary SDK protocol can be developed with ED Medical Director, ED Nursing Director, and Pharmacy. | Who is Arlene Chung, MD?Courtesy of Arlene S. Chung, MD, MACMArlene S. Chung, MD, MACM\xa0Arlene is an Associate Residency Director for the Mount Sinai Emergency Medicine Residency Program in New York City.She has a passion for physician wellness and has made advocating for well-being a central focus of her career.\xa0She holds leadership roles in multiple regional and national wellness organizations and has lectured extensively on physician wellness, developed mindfulness curricula for students and residents, and published on the current issues surrounding wellness and burnout and possible solutions for the future.Twitter\xa0@ArleneSujinWhat is Airway: True Stories from the Emergency Room?Arlene is also one of the co-founders of a non-profit organization known as Airway: True Stories from the Emergency Room. Airway originally began in 2015 as a series of free New York City-based storytelling events for EM physicians with the mission of creating community, decreasing stigma, and fostering resilience through the vulnerability and shared experiences of storytelling. Airway events have since been organized in cities across the country and at multiple regional and national conferences including the AAEM Scientific Assembly, FemInEM Idea Exchange (FIX), and the NY ACEP Scientific Assembly.AIRWAY LIVE NYC EVENTAIRWAY and RESUS NURSE Podcast Listener CONTEST!!Arlene and I want to hear YOUR stories! Send us a pitch at info@resusnurse.com\xa0with your name and email address! We\'ll select our favorites and air them at a later episode!Deadline: May 31, 2018Now Listen to the Episode...Be Prepared to Laugh and Cry...Cite this post as:Yun Cee Dirsa. 017 AIRWAY True Stories from the Emergency Room w/Arlene Chung, MD.  Resus Nurse Podcast and Blog. Published on March 25, 2018. Date accessed October 7, 2019. Available at https://resusnurse.com/2018/03/25/airway-true-stories-from-the-emergency-room-w-arlene-chung-md/. | "This used to be merely intuition...even a minute or two at low MAPs may be too much and certainly waiting 20 minutes for pharmacy to send up a drip is probably way too long...and your kidneys may actually be getting damaged in that short period of time." - Scott Weingart, MDWho is Scott Weingart, MD?Courtesy of Scott Weingart, MDScott D. Weingart, MD FCCM FUCEM DipHTFUScott is an ED Intensivist from New York. He did fellowships in Trauma, Surgical Critical Care, and ECMO.He is currently an attending in and chief of the Division of Emergency Critical Care at Stony Brook Hospital. He is a clinical associate professor of emergency medicine at Stony Brook Medicine and an adjunct associate professor at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.He is best known for talking to himself about Resuscitation and Critical Care on a podcast called EMCrit, which has been downloaded > 19 million times. EMCrit Twitter Team\xa0@emcritWhat is a MAP? (Mean Arterial Pressure)Average pressure in a patient’s arteries during one cardiac cycleReally good number to measure organ perfusionSystolic BP is a useless measurement in super hypotensive patientsCalculations:MAP = CO x SVRMAP = SBP + 2(DBP)/3Low MAPs should be treated as an Emergency = Requires Good Nursing!!What is a minimal MAP for adequate perfusion?No one knows!!\xa0Minimal MAPs (what we think and have made up) to adequately perfuse 3 main organs. Use this as a loose guideline. May have to individualize for each patient.\xa0BrainMAP 60-65but can go lower for a bit of time before damageMAP 40 starts to have altered mental statusHeartMAP 60-65KidneyMAP 65super sensitive to low MAPsMay not be able to measure output in ED if kidneys were hit hard and due to shuntingIn the ED, we like MAP 65...because the organs will have minimal perfusion and we often don\'t know what the medical history is or have had 24 hours of patient observation.\xa0Normal MAP + Low SBP + Normal DBP = OkayOrgans are being perfusedLow MAP + Normal SBP + Low DBP (Ex: 100/20) = BadnessCan be in cardiac arrest if you don\'t pay attention and do something ASAPLow MAP, How long is too long?New Anesthesia literature that shows a minute or two may be too much.Concern for kidney injuryHearts may dislike low MAP esp. Pts with cardiac history.React quickly to low MAPs (MAP 40s and 50s)No barrier to treating low MAPsNo Harm in treating low MAPsCan start peripheral NE drip and if in 45 minutes, NE drip is titrated off - no harm done to PtWait and See approach with fluids doesn\'t workFluids don\'t last to maintain MAPs, it will drop 30-60 minutes laterHarm to keep Pt at low MAPs"Permissive Hypotension" A confusing termNo one is really in a permissive hypotension state lower than the minimal MAP 65TraumaA confusing term because the trauma studies still show that a Pt is being perfused and hovering around MAP 60-65Term came about because fluids were restricted instead of giving bunch of fluids - but BPs were normalSome say the clot is formed so don\'t break the clot - still BPs are at MAPs that we talked aboutBickell study\xa0on penetrating trauma Scott mentionedPermissive hypotension/hypotensive resuscitation and restricted/controlled resuscitation in patients with severe trauma by D. KudoRick Dutton Approach for penetrating trauma management as described by ScottKeep your patient from being vasoconstrictedOrgans are not being perfused with higher MAP but in fact exsanguinating due to vasoconstrictionManage by hovering around a MAP 60-65 and perfuse organsMAP <65 give product (like 1 unit of PRBC, FFP, etc.)MAP >80 (or whatever upper limit you decide), give them some anesthetic and dilate them.Fentanyl is an indirect vasodilatorRead more about Richard Dutton and trauma at emcrit.orgHemostatic ResuscitationHemorrhagic Shock Patient in TraumaNeuro - term doesn\'t really apply | "I find it very gratifying to treat because you can see the effects of your treatment right in front of your eyes. And your patients can go from very sick to well within a matter of hours." - Marc Probst, MDWho is Marc Probst, MD?Courtesy of Marc Probst, MDMarc Probst, MD, MS is an Academic Emergency Physician at The Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City.Dr. Probst is funded by a career development grant from the National Institutes of Health (NIH).His interests include syncope, shared decision-making, and Halloween.Twitter @probstMD\xa0Diabetic Ketoacidosis (DKA)Biochemical FindingsHyperglycemiaKetosis(High anion gap) Metabolic AcidosisParameters to treat DKABlood glucose >250mg/dLElevated anion gap w/albumin adjustment >10Serum bicarbonate <18mEq/L*Positive serum/urine ketonespH <7.3CausesLack of insulinPoorly controlled DMBarriers include access, insurance, expensive, etc.Undiagnosed DMDisastersInfectionMesenteric IschemiaCardiac (MI)Intoxication (cocaine, ETOH)Iatrogenic (steroids, HCTZ, SGLT2, antipsychotics)CVAPregnancyHyperthyroidismClick here for a nice review at emdocsKetosis vs. DKAPt can have an elevated blood glucose but not in DKASee if they really are acedotic first - check for ketonesEx: blood glucose 500+, pH 7.4, no ketones in serum/urineLook at baseline labs (compare history)Ex: Renal failure patients can live in a lower pHEuglycemic DKANormal blood glucoseHas Anion gapWhat\'s the worse that can happen?Cerebral Edema (documented in Pediatrics)Death1% mortality rate and a 5% mortality rate for elderlySymptomsNausea/Vomiting (can cause mixed acid-base disorder)Combination of metabolic acidosis and metabolic alkalosisAbdominal PainAltered Mental Status/ConfusionFrequent UrinationExcessive ThirstWeakness/FatigueRespiratory Status - Kussmal respirations (fruity breath)- tachypnea to blow off CO2Mental statusIf they are intubated, want to match RR to pre-intubation statusBipap? -Consider High flow nasal cannula to maximize "blowing off CO2."Look at respiratory drive to determine airway interventionDehydrationDehydration & electrolyte imbalances due to osmotic diuresisGlucose-mediated osmotic diuresisNausea and vomitingPoor PO intake.Work-UpPOCT Blood GlucosePOCT UrinalysisLabsVBGABGs are unnecessaryVBGs are a more accurate representation of what is going on in the tissuesChemistry Panel including Mg & PUrinalysisAdd. Labs/Diagnostics if you suspect underlying cause, etc.Serum ketones (suspect/known anuria secondary to dehydration or renal failure)TroponinEKGBlood/Urine Cultures (suspect infection)Lactate Level (suspect infection)Anion GapAnion Gap = (Na) - (Cl + HCO3)Click here for easy Anion Gap Calculator w/albumin adjustmentWhat is an Anion Gap?Too many unmeasured anions causes metabolic acidosis.Etiologies of increase organic acids:MUDPILES: methanol, metformin, uremia, diabetic ketoacidosis, ethylene glycol, salicylates, and starvation.ESKDWhat’s a normal anion gap?3-11mEq/LHypoalbuminemia affecting anion gap calculation - adjust for albuminAlbumin is a major source of unmeasured anions and clinically significant for treatmentA drop in albumin by 10 g/L will cause the anion gap to fall ~ 2.5mEq/L at constant pHManagement - \xa0Lots of Nursing (Step-down or ICU)TelemonitoringHourly fingersticksVBG/BMP every 1-2 hoursIn my own clinical practice I don’t find hourly labs to be usefulMental Status & Respiratory statusAdjust Insulin DripWatch out for Hypokalemia and Hypoglycemia (Clinical Pearl!)Management = Fluids, Insulin, ElectrolytesFluidsHow much Fluids? How aggressive? What’s the concern? (Controversial in Pediatrics!)New RCT trial coming out comparing aggressive vs. gentle fluid resuscitation in Pediatric population w/DKA. | Markus dela Cruz, RNMark is an ED Nurse extraordinaire who turned into a Cath Lab RN. He is also found working in PACU units and still works some ED shifts. Mark also considers himself a foodie and likes exploring Queens, NY. Mark works at a Level 1 Trauma Center that is also a STEMI receiving center in Queens, NY.Fun fact: When I first started working, there were rumors that Mark can get an IV line with a full set of labs on sick patients with NO tourniquet! To this day, I believe this may be more truth than fiction.Disclaimer: This is how Mark and I manage our STEMI patients going to the Cardiac Cath lab for PCI. These are suggestions. Follow your institution’s policies."The minute that fellow or that doctor opens up that vessel - you see the color returning, pt\'s vital signs are stabilizing, and the pain is completely gone. I\'m having goosebumps telling you this.\xa0" - Markus dela Cruz, RNNeed to listen to Part 1?Listen to Part 1 of my discussion with Markus dela Cruz, RN where we went over all the nitty gritty details on how to send your STEMI patient to the Cath lab STAT!PCI Post Cardiac ArrestWho is eligible?Patient ViabilityHow long patient was down for?Safe for patient?PCI will be adding more stress to the heartInvolve Family for shared decision makingConsiderationsSend your patient ASAP!Send your patient with a secured airwayCath Lab MDs are unable to assist with a code or intubation - they are scrubbed in.May only have 2 nurses running the code.Pt most likely in cardiogenic shockIf Pt codes during transfer and/or at the Cath lab - Door to balloon time of <90 minutes still applies.Send Pt with 3 or more IV medlock linesUndress Pt completelyCoordinate All Essential Personnel for Transfer to the Cath Lab Post ROSCRespiratory TherapistTransporterPrep your patient as much as possible so the Cath Lab can perform PCI quickly!Now Listen to the Episode...Cite this post as:Yun Cee Dirsa. 013 Part 2 – PCI Post Cardiac Arrest w/Markus dela Cruz, RN.  Resus Nurse Podcast and Blog. Published on November 2, 2017. Date accessed October 7, 2019. Available at https://resusnurse.com/2017/11/02/part-2-pci-post-cardiac-arrest-wmarkus-dela-cruz-rn/. | Markus dela Cruz, RNMark is an ED Nurse extraordinaire who turned into a Cath Lab RN. He is also found working in PACU units and still works some ED shifts. Mark also considers himself a foodie and likes exploring Queens, NY. Mark works at a Level 1 Trauma Center that is also a STEMI receiving center in Queens, NY.Fun fact: When I first started working, there were rumors that Mark can get an IV line with a full set of labs on sick patients with NO tourniquet! To this day, I believe this may be more truth than fiction.Disclaimer: This is how Mark and I manage our STEMI patients going to the Cardiac Cath lab for PCI. These are suggestions. Follow your institution\'s policies.Your Patient\'s Going to the Cath Lab!How can we ensure the fastest and smoothest transition from the moment your patient is identified as a STEMI and accepted to the Cardiac Cath lab?PCI (Percutaneous Coronary Intervention) is the treatment of choice for a repercussion of a patient having an active MI. It is a life-saving procedure.You may be a receiving facility getting transfers.If your facility does not have a Cath lab, you will transfer to a facility that does.3 Sites of Entry: Right Radial Artery and Bilaterally FemoralThis is a CMS reportable event and the door to balloon time is within 90 minutes.Preferably, you get your patient into the Cath lab WELL before the 90 minute mark because your Cath lab team have a lot to do.Prepping Your PatientGet your patient butt naked! Seriously, no underwear! (A running theme!)IV MedlocksMinimum 2 IV medlocks. 3 is super!Avoid Right Wrist and Right Hand.Left arm preferredVitals also include:Weight\xa0All medications given in the Cath lab are weight-based.Height\xa0intra-aortic balloon pump is sized by heightEKGs (just leave the leads on! You\'ll be repeating these!)Defibrillator Monitoring (use radiolucent pads)Telemonitoring & transport monitoring (esp. your cardiogenic shock pts)Not all facilities have fancy defibrillator monitors that also have BP and Pulse Ox. If you do, obviously use it!History\xa0Ask the patient and/or EMS what meds were given (esp. aspirin dose)ConsentCan we trust the\xa0Cath fellow with the original?If we have time, I usually make copies and tape it to the top of the stretcher and get it scanned in the ED Chart.Secure all property and jewelry with family member or security - label and seal the property bags.Keep left chest wall and right wrist clear of all jewelry.Document in chart where property went.MedicationsAll Patients with STEMIAspirin 325mg POIf EMS gave 2 baby aspirins (81mg each), give another 2 for a full dose of 325mgHeparin Bolus IVMost facilities are weight-based, but some still give the standard 5000 units IVHeparin IV Myth-Buster!Always administer bolus dose heparin by IV. Never subcutaneous!IV Heparin helps prevent the existing clot to not get larger and prevents new clotsaPTT in anticoagulated therapeutic range is the goal!Don\'t wait for an aPTT/INR result before administering Heparin IV.Pts need to be anticoagulated because PCI attracts clot formation.Cath labs have fancy machines that measure aPTT and INR in real time and can adjust heparin as needed.ACT (Activated Clotting Time) MachineWorse case, heparin\'s antidote (protamine sulfate) is readily available in the Cath lab.If PCI w/StentsLoading doses of clopidogrel (Plavix) and ticagrelor (Brilinta)Additional MedicationsHeparin DripWhen did you start it?What\'s the current dosage/rate?If the pt received thrombolytics and you are a receiving hospital, pt should most likely be on a heparin drip to prevent further clots. Speak with Cath fellow/cardiology/EM MD.NSTEMI patients boarding in your ED may be on a heparin drip. Check aPTT every 6 hours and adjust drip as needed for anticoagulated therapeutic levels - goal...', 'chan_desc': 'Elevating Emergency Nursing Practice. One episode at a time. My name is Yun Cee Dirsa, RN, and your host. This podcast will help you practice at the highest level in order to achieve the best outcome for your patients - no matter what the situation presents. Learn how to apply critical care techniques to your patients in your ED and reduce their morbidity and mortality. Not an ED or Resus RN? Listen in! Critical care techniques can be applied across the board. If your patient decompensates suddenly, you’ll be ready! Find show notes at resusnurse.com', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/28/76/cc/2876cce7-cd82-3fef-a3ed-f27891ed663e/mza_5336270937013350946.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-05-25'}}

{'Pediatric Emergency Playbook': {'title': 'Pediatric Emergency Playbook', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Pediatric-Emergency-Playbook-id6733', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Tim Horeczko MD MSCR FACEP FAAP', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1594, 'play_count': 12048, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/EMtogether', 'http://pemplaybook.org/'], 'ep_total': 52, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:39:48', 0], ['2019-09-01', '00:46:27', 0], ['2019-08-01', '00:36:48', 0], ['2019-07-01', '00:36:24', 0], ['2019-06-01', '00:32:52', 1], ['2019-05-01', '00:36:39', 5], ['2019-04-01', '00:34:30', 0], ['2019-03-01', '00:43:33', 2], ['2019-02-01', '00:26:50', 0], ['2019-01-01', '00:12:52', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'The differential diagnosis is long... You need an approach. \xa0 The Rule of 3s: 3 minutes -- Traumatic 3 days -- Inflammatory 3 months -- Neoplastic 3 years -- Congenital \xa0 3 Minutes?\xa0 Traumatic  \xa0 3 Days?\xa0 Inflammatory [caption id="attachment_1777" align="alignnone" width="262"] Cervical Node Chain; Lymphadenopathy[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1773" align="alignnone" width="298"] Bacterial Lymphadenitis[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1772" align="alignnone" width="300"] Bacterial lymphadenitis with small abscess[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1771" align="alignnone" width="300"] Large Abscess[/caption] \xa0 3 Months?\xa0 Neoplastic   \xa0 3 Years?\xa0 Congenital [caption id="attachment_1784" align="alignnone" width="300"] Thyroglossal Duct Cyst[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1783" align="alignnone" width="300"] Thyroglossal Duct Cyst[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1776" align="alignnone" width="278"] Branchial Cleft Cyst[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1775" align="alignnone" width="263"] Branchial Cleft Cyst[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1774" align="alignnone" width="233"] Branchial Cleft Cyst[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1779" align="alignnone" width="300"] Cystic Hygroma[/caption] \xa0 [caption id="attachment_1778" align="alignnone" width="235"] \xa0Cystic Hygroma[/caption] \xa0 Selected References Enepekides DJ. Management of congenital anomalies of the neck. Facial Plast Surg Clin North Am 2001; 9:131. Lin ST, Tseng FY, Hsu CJ, et al. Thyroglossal duct cyst: a comparison between children and adults. Am J Otolaryngol 2008; 29:83. Mandell DL. Head and neck anomalies related to the branchial apparatus. Otolaryngol Clin North Am 2000; 33:1309. Marler JJ, Mulliken JB. Current management of hemangiomas and vascular malformations. Clin Plast Surg 2005; 32:99. Silverman, J. F., Gurley, A. M., Holbrook, C. T., Joshi, V. V. (1991) Pediatric fine needle aspiration biopsy. American Journal of Clinical Pathology 95: 653–659 Sonnino RE, Spigland N, Laberge JM, Desjardins J, Guttman FM. Unusual patterns of congenital neck masses in children. J Pediatr Surg. 1989 Oct;24(10):966-9. |   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQVKIpLc8bk \xa0   Selected References    Barnard, et al. Rapid sequence induction of anaesthesia via the intraosseous route: a prospective observational study. Emerg Med J. 2014; Jun 24. pii: emermed-2014-203740.   Jousi M, Saikko S, Nurmi J. Intraosseous blood samples for point-of-care analysis: agreement between intraosseous and arterial analyses. Scand J Trauma Resusc Emerg Med. 2017;25(1):92. Published 2017 Sep 11. doi:10.1186/s13049-017-0435-4   Knuth, et al. Intraosseous Injection of Iodinated Computed Tomography Contrast Agent in an Adult Blunt Trauma Patient. Annals of Emergency Medicine. 2011; 57 (4) 382-386   Miller LJ. et al A new study of intraosseous blood for laboratory analysis.Arch Pathol Lab Med. 2010 Sep;134(9):1253-60.  Miller, et al. Utility of an intraosseous vascular system to deliver contrast dye using a power injector for computerized tomography studies. Annals of Emergency Medicine. 2011; 58 (4) 240-241.  |    \xa0  \xa0 Your eyes may fool you... \xa0 Keep your differential diagnosis open. \xa0       \xa0  \xa0        Selected References           \xa0        Aravindhan N, Chisholm DG. Sulfhemoglobinemia presenting as pulse oximetry desaturations. Anesthesiology. 2000;93:883–884.            \xa0  Gharahbaghian L et al. Methemoglobinemia and Sulfhemoglobinemia in Two Pediatric Patients after Ingestion of Hydroxylamine Sulfate. West J Emerg Med. 2009 Aug; 10(3): 197–201        \xa0           \xa0Ginimuge PR et al. Methylene Blue: Revisited. J Anaesthesiol Clin Pharmacol. 2010 Oct-Dec; 26(4): 517–520.        \xa0           \xa0Mack E. Focus on diagnosis: co-oximetry. Pediatr Rev. 2007;28:73–4.        So T-Y et al. Topical Benzocaine-induced Methemoglobinemia in the Pediatric Population. J Pediatr Health Care. 22(6):335–339.         \xa0 |  Failure to Thrive (FTT) is not just for the clinics. We need to be on the lookout, because if we find it, there is already a big problem.   Definitions of Failure to Thrive may quibble on the details, but for us in the ED:    Consistently under 2nd percentile in weight over time "Falling off" the growth curve over 2 or more points    We can get around the longitudinal requirement by looking at weight as a "spot check" -- if grossly below weight without any other chronic condition, be alarmed.   Failure to thrive results from inadequate calories. This may be due to:    Not enough offered Not enough taken Not enough absorbed    Any concern should trigger a more complete H&P (in audio).    Classic instructional video on the mother-infant dyad (scan through for various types).   After a focused H&P, you may need to admit the child for further workup, or to show that he can/cannot gain weight with routine care.   Remember, if you are the first one to bring this up, there is a real problem. By definition, an outpatient plan has failed. We will not be able to distinguish among the various possibilities of organic and non-organic causes (or mix thereof); our job is to be ready to catch it and act on it. The child\'s development, future intelligence, and welfare are at risk.   References    Birth to 24 months: Boys Weight-for-length percentiles and Head circumference-for-age percentiles     Birth to 24 months: Boys Length-for-age percentiles and Weight-for-age percentiles     Birth to 24 months: Girls Weight-for-length percentiles and Head circumference-for-age percentiles     Birth to 24 months: Girls Length-for-age percentiles and Weight-for-age percentiles   Jaffe AC. Failure to Thrive. Pediatrics in Review. 2011; 32(3)   Prutsky GJ et al. When Developmental Delay and Failure to Thrive Are Not Psychosocial. Hospital Pediatrics. 2016; (1):6   |          No one ever wants to find himself in this situation. A factory explodes. A building catches fire. A multi-vehicle traffic collision. Or an act of terrorism.          \xa0  \xa0        Very quickly, we have to scrap business as usual. We have to adapt to our new circumstances.          \xa0  \xa0        Definition of a mass casualty incident (MCI):          \xa0  \xa0        An incident which produces multiple casualties such that emergency services, medical personnel and referral systems within the normal catchment area cannot provide adequate and timely response and care without unacceptable mortality and/or morbidity.          \xa0  \xa0        In other words, our demand far outpaces our resources.          \xa0  \xa0        "If you can hear the sound of my voice, follow me". Those patients are GREEN, minor.          \xa0  \xa0        Otherwise, we need a system to distinguish those who can be DELAYED, IMMEDIATE, or EXPECTANT (soon to be deceased).          \xa0  \xa0        Use Simple Triage and Rapid Treatment (START) for 8 or older, JumpSTART for less than 8 years of age.          \xa0  \xa0     \xa0  An MCI drill    \xa0  \xa0        For Older Children, Adolescents, and Adults (8 or greater) -- START:          \xa0  \xa0     \xa0      \xa0  \xa0        For Children less than 8 years of age (Infants Use Pediatric Assessment Triangle) -- JumpSTART:          \xa0  \xa0     \xa0      \xa0  \xa0   \xa0   MCI Organizational Chart      \xa0  \xa0        \xa0Selected References\xa0           \xa0        Briggs SM. Disaster management teams. Curr Opin Crit Care. 2005 Dec;11(6):585-\xa0                 Culley JM, Svendsen E. A review of the literature on the validity of mass casualty triage systems with a focus on chemical exposures. American journal of disaster medicine. 2014; 9(2):137-150                 FEMA IS 0100.b - Introduction to the Incident Command System (ICS), Student Manual.  http://training.fema.gov/emiweb/is/is100b/student%20manual/02ics100b_sm_october2013.pdf. Accessed 03 MAY 2019.                 Jensen J, Youngs G. Explaining implementation behaviour of the National Incident Management System (NIMS). Disasters. 2015 Apr;39(2):362-88. doi: 10.1111/disa.12103.  Lee JS, Franc JM. Impact of a Two-step Emergency Department Triage Model with START, then CTAS, on Patient Flow During a Simulated Mass-casualty Incident. Prehosp Disaster Med. 2015 Jun 24:1-7.\xa0           \xa0       Lerner EB, Schwartz RB, Coule PL, et al. "Mass Casualty Triage: An Evaluation of the Data and Development of a Proposed National Guideline." Disaster Medicine and Public Health Preparedness 2(Suppl. 1) 2008, pp S25-S34.         \xa0  | PEMplaybook.org | PEMplaybook.org |  |  | ', 'chan_desc': 'You make tough calls when caring for acutely ill and injured children.  Join us for strategy and support -- through clinical cases, research and reviews, and best-practice guidance in our ever-changing acute care landscape.  Please visit our site at http://PEMplaybook.org/ for show notes and to get involved with the show -- see you there!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/7f/f5/c7/7ff5c72a-9483-16c7-5cae-51e1addf8fa1/mza_6803352149469632248.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-09-01'}}

{'EMedHome.com EMCast': {'title': 'EMedHome.com EMCast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/EMedHome.com-EMCast-id2386248', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Amal Mattu MD', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 2, 'play_count': 6, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.emedhome.com'], 'ep_total': 9, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-29', '01:31:41', 0], ['2019-09-29', '01:41:23', 0], ['2019-09-26', '01:31:25', 0], ['2019-09-26', '01:24:45', 0], ['2019-09-26', '01:28:17', 0], ['2019-09-25', '01:35:19', 0], ['2019-09-25', '01:25:29', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:20:31', 0], ['2019-09-19', '01:29:25', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) ACEP Non-ST Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) Policy\xa0(2) Approach to Diplopia(3) 2018 Critical Care Literature Updates | Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) Aortic Stenosis(2) Episodic Dizziness(3) Hyperkalemia Controversies | Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) Acute Heart Failure Misconceptions(2) Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome (CHS)(3) Post-partum Hemorrhage (PPH) | Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) Pancreatitis(2) Refusal of Care | Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (CABG) Complications(2) In-flight Medical Emergencies(3) Subarachnoid Hemorrhage | Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) Cardiogenic Pulmonary Edema (CPE)(2) Syncope(3) Hypotensive Heart Failure | Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) Crashing Obese Patient(2) Magnesium for Atrial Fibrillation(3) Post-Arrest Cardiac Catheterization(4) Difficult Airway Assessment | Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) Pulmonary Hypertension and Right Ventricular Failure(2) Liver failure(3) Acute Agitation | Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.\xa0 Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.\xa0 This month's EMCast covers:(1) Cardiac Transplant Patients in the ED\xa0(2) Cardiac Syncope\xa0(3) Penicillin Allergy", 'chan_desc': 'Each month, EMedHome.com presents EMCast, the 90-minute podcast hosted by Dr. Amal Mattu, the premier educator in Emergency Medicine.  Subscribe to EMedHome.com for an array of clinical content that will impact every shift.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/01/d0/51/01d051e6-9e23-c8cb-95a9-34ddf765bd5e/mza_3665001010929814524.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-19'}}

