{'The Angry Therapist Podcast': {'title': 'The Angry Therapist Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Angry-Therapist-Podcast-id1323596', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'The Angry Therapist', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 1995, 'play_count': 75633, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://theangrytherapist.podbean.com'], 'ep_total': 226, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:09:34', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:11:45', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:11:53', 1], ['2019-09-24', '00:17:35', 1], ['2019-09-19', '00:58:25', 0], ['2019-09-17', '00:19:44', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:12:57', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:11:50', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:12:02', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:14:23', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.Sign up for texting with The Angry Therapist:\xa0https://www.theangrytherapist.com/textsWant to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.____\xa0Skillshare -- Get 2 months of unlimited classes for free!\xa0Use this code: https://www.skillshare.com/angryExplore more than 25,000 classes to fuel your curiosity, creativity, and career.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.Want to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.Sign up for texting with The Angry Therapist:\xa0https://www.theangrytherapist.com/textsWant to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.\xa0\xa0 | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.____Get Simple Habit Today and learn how to meditate once and for all:\xa0Our mission is to empower humans to stress less, achieve more, and live better. Meditate today!To get 30% OFF a premium subscription, for the first 50 listeners:\xa0https://www.simplehabit.com/angryMeditate more, and stress less.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.Want to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach. | In this special hour-long conversation, John Kim (The Angry Therapist) speaks with coach and co-founder of JRNI Coaching, Noelle Cordeaux about her experiences with eating disorders, her many career paths, all about how they founded JRNI together and why coaching is the way of the future.Interested in becoming a coach? Learn more here.John Kim is doing things differently. Therapy in a shotglass. One hour, no filler.Want texts from Angry?\xa0https://www.theangrytherapist.com/texts____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.Want to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.____Get Simple Habit Today and learn how to meditate once and for all:\xa0Our mission is to empower humans to stress less, achieve more, and live better. Meditate today!To get 30% OFF a premium subscription, for the first 50 listeners:\xa0https://www.simplehabit.com/angryMeditate more, and stress less.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.Want to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.Sign up for texting with The Angry Therapist:\xa0https://www.theangrytherapist.com/textsWant to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.____Get Simple Habit Today and learn how to meditate once and for all:\xa0Our mission is to empower humans to stress less, achieve more, and live better. Meditate today!To get 30% OFF a premium subscription, for the first 50 listeners:\xa0https://www.simplehabit.com/angryMeditate more, and stress less.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.Want to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach. | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.Sign up for texting with The Angry Therapist:\xa0https://www.theangrytherapist.com/textsWant to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.\xa0 | John Kim (The Angry Therapist) is doing things differently. Therapy in a shot glass. Ten minutes, no filler.____Get Simple Habit Today and learn how to meditate once and for all:\xa0Our mission is to empower humans to stress less, achieve more, and live better. Meditate today!To get 30% OFF a premium subscription, for the first 50 listeners:\xa0https://www.simplehabit.com/angryMeditate more, and stress less.____Music in this episode is by Keshco. The Angry Therapist Podcast\xa0is Produced and Audio Engineered by Amanda Meyncke, with support from Stephanie Zoccatelli.Want to change your own life, give back to others and change the way others experience the world? Let's talk.\xa0Become a life coach.", 'chan_desc': 'The Angry Therapist is John Kim, LMFT, is a published writer, speaker, life coach, and a co-founder of JRNI Coaching.  As he was going through an expired relationship, John created a blog and started to document his journey post divorce. Even though he was a licensed therapist, John preferred casual over clinical in his approach. He blogged about his shortcomings, revelations, and his views on relationships, the self help business, and the world. He found CrossFit, bought a motorcycle, and started coaching people in unconventional ways. Through this process, he came up with his own concepts. He realized that there was a new way to help others, combining what he learned in therapy school with life coaching and using technology to be mobile and create online communities, but most importantly, he took a very different approach, one frowned upon by the rigid and antiquated therapy world. He practiced transparency. People keep asking him why he calls himself The Angry Therapist. His reply: It’s my way of saying I’m human.   Learn more about John here: www.theangrytherapist.com', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/52/73/cb/5273cb8e-b43e-63ee-de58-bd5c761bf6ee/mza_8410630748073037901.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-10-19'}}

{'Feeling Good Podcast | TEAM-CBT - The New Mood Therapy': {'title': 'Feeling Good Podcast | TEAM-CBT - The New Mood Therapy', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Feeling-Good-Podcast-|-TEAM-CBT-The-New-Mood-Therapy-id1077996', 'num_comments': 8, 'author': 'David Burns MD', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3128, 'play_count': 62065, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://feelinggood.com/category/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 162, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:41:23', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:40:25', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:38:05', 1], ['2019-09-16', '00:44:05', 0], ['2019-09-09', '00:35:46', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:41:21', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:52:15', 3], ['2019-08-19', '00:36:07', 1], ['2019-08-12', '00:36:10', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:40:50', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Hearing the Music Behind the Words This podcast again features the music of two beloved colleagues we introduced last week, Brandon Vance, MD and Heather Clague MD. We will be listening to music again this week, but it will be, for the most part, a different kind of music—it’s the music behind the words when someone criticizes you. We will be focusing on the most challenging and important of the  Five Secrets of Effective Communication, the Disarming Technique. This week, Brandon and Heather will help Rhonda and David illustrate how to use this technique when you’re under the fire of criticism. But in addition, Brandon and Heather will also sing one more of their extremely beautiful and fun songs, appropriately entitled, “The Five Secrets!” When you use the Disarming Technique, you find the truth in a criticism, even if the criticism seems untrue, unfair, or exaggerated. This technique is based on  the Law of Opposites.\xa0The essence of the Law of Opposites is that if you genuinely and immediately agree with the criticism that seems untrue, you will put the lie to it, and the critic will stop believing the criticism. This is a remarkable phenomenon that can be enormously helpful in conflicts with patients (if you\'re a therapist) as well as friends, colleagues, and loved ones. However, it is challenging, because you have to be able to really listen and "hear" the music behind the other person\'s words. If you use the Disarming Technique, or any of the Five Secrets, in a mechanical way, it will backfire. And I (David) have noticed that even trained mental health professionals can have a tremendous difficulties learning to use the Disarming Technique. Here\'s an example of POOR technique. Although this is a therapy example, it is equally valid for conflicts between friends and loved ones. Let\'s say that you\'re a therapist, and your patient confronts you by saying, "This is the second week in a row that you\'ve been late for my session."\xa0\xa0 I\'ve seen therapists respond like this: "You\'re right. I have had emergencies which made me late for your sessions last week and today."\xa0 Is this a good example of the Disarming Technique? NO! Can you see why? It\'s because this therapist is agreeing with the criticism in a literal way, and not hearing the "music" behind the words. What is this patient really saying? He\'s probably saying that he feels a lack of caring from his therapist, and this may be one of his core conflicts,\xa0\xa0thinking that the people he cares about never care about him. So the therapist\'s "mechanical" answer misses the boat. Here\'s an improved response that addresses what the patient really said. After each sentence, I\'ll put the name(s) of the technique(s) I used in the sentence. "Jim, it\'s painful to hear you say that, because you\'re right. ("I Feel" Statement; Disarming Technique) I was late and I let you down, and I feel embarrassed. (Disarming; "I Feel" Statement.) I wouldn\'t be surprised if you\'re feeling hurt and\xa0 annoyed, and maybe even a bit angry with me, and for good reason. (Feeling Empathy) This is particularly uncomfortable, because you\'ve told me that everyone you care about seems to let you down. ("I Feel" Statement; Thought and Feeling Empathy) I care about you and have tremendous respect for you.\xa0 (Stroking) Although I was delayed by emergencies last week and this week, the fact is, you had to wait. (Disarming) I will try to correct the problem of getting emergency calls when I\'m in the clinic, which definitely is irritating and unfair to you, and I\'ll gladly offer a free session to compensate the fact that you had to wait. (Disarming Technique, Feeling Empathy) I want to know more about how you\'ve been feeling, and if there have been other times when I\'ve let you down or perhaps said things that seemed uncaring? (Inquiry)" Can you see that this response addresses the music, or feeling, or message\xa0behind the words, and not just the words? And can you see the Law of Opposites in action? When this therapist agrees that he has let the patient down, and shows some humility, the patient will probably suddenly feel very cared about. In today\'s podcast, Brandon, Heather, Rhonda and David play a kind of Disarming Round Robin, taking turns responding to unexpected criticisms, using the Disarming Technique as well as any other communication techniques that may be needed. For example, one of the therapists is attacked by a patient who is a person of color who calls him "one of the rich white privileged people."\xa0 You will also hear the immediate grading of each response--was it an A, a B, a C, or a D--along with what worked and what didn\'t work, followed in some cases by a second try. If you want to learn the Five Secrets, and especially the Disarming Technique, this type of practice will be a must! You can practice with a colleague, or with a friend. But be prepared to check your ego at the door so you can learn from failure, because it will be very challenging for you at first! A neighbor who was helping with the recording, Dave Fribush, said that he really liked the podcast, but was disappointed it was so short--he wanted to hear more examples. So Rhonda and I recorded a\xa0 brief supplement two days later, which we will edit in.\xa0 Here are the additional criticisms we practiced:  Angry friend who feels jealous / betrayed and says: You were hitting on my girlfriend last night! Irate mother,\xa0who feels neglected / used, and says: Forget it! I’ll just do it myself! Hurt colleague,\xa0who says: You didn’t support me during the meeting! Indignant patient,\xa0who tells her therapist: You just called me Jane, but my name is Lisa!  If you are serious about learning the Disarming Technique, as well as the other Secrets of Effective Communication, I would strongly urge you to study this list of  Common Five Secrets Errors in addition to practicing with a friend. I know I\'m asking a lot from you, but we are giving you, or hoping to give you, something precious!\xa0 And here are the words to today\'s featured TEAM-CBT song!\xa0 She Used the Five Secrets Lyrics by Heather Clagueto the tune of Blue Velvet by Bernie Wayne and Lee Morris. She used the Five… Secrets Madder than angry, oh was I Pissed and unhappy, I could cry At the start She used the Five Secrets She spoke my words to ‘ empathize She ‘ guessed my feelings, oh she tried\xa0 From the heart How could I stay harmed When she so skillfully disarmed How could I want to fight When she asked, did I get it right with With my Five Secrets she told me plainly how she felt Her stroking made my whole heart melt Into tears And I can still hear her Five Secrets In my ears The Five secrets Now I have learned to use them too To give up blame and follow through And face my fears And I practice my Five Secrets With my dears I love the Five Secrets! Conflict fuels intimacy Not about me but about we It’s more sincere! So with the five secrets Let love appear!\xa0 More about Brandon and Heather Brandon Vance, MD and Heather Clague, MD are both psychiatrists and certified TEAM-CBT therapists. They practice in Oakland, California. In addition to her brilliant work as a TEAM-CBT psychiatrist and teacher, Heather is a singer and improviser who collaborated in the creation of lyrics for some of Brandon’s songs. She is a member of the performance group,  The Berkeley Players,\xa0and is the director of Berkeley Improv, a Bay Area school of improv that offers improv acting classes for adults and youth. Heather says, "Improv is a lot like TEAM CBT - full of laughter and enlightenment.\xa0 The best moments tend to happen when we throw shame to the wind and let magic arise from the ordinary and let our \'mistakes\' become gifts." In addition to his brilliant work as a TEAM-CBT psychiatrist and teacher, Brandon has a musical group that is connected with the Justice Arts Collective\xa0at Chabot College in Hayward California. In that group, he works with students to create musical pieces with social justice themes, often in the style of hip hop with Latin beats. Most, if not all of the students have experienced personal trauma and social inequity. Through music, they can share their truths, their hearts and their wealth of experiences with each other and the community, while at the same time working for social change.\xa0 Brandon explains that “we form deep connections with each other, and it’s become something of a family . A couple of years ago, we made a music video for our song, ‘From Mt. Tamalpais to Fruitvale Station,’ and actually won first place in the My Hero International Film Festival and in the World Independent Film Festival, as well as awards in many other film festivals.\xa0 Check it out!\xa0We’re now working on a new video about immigration with our song, \'Bring Down the Wall.\'" Brandon has also worked with Amy Specter in the creation of a company called Gameful Mind. He explains that “we wanted playful ways to support adults and kids in developing skills to be and stay emotionally well. So, we made the game TuneIN TuneUP, as well as some other games and playful shirts and such.” David and Rhonda | Introducing Brandon Vance, MD\xa0 & Heather Clague, MD This podcast features the music of two beloved colleagues, Brandon Vance, MD and Heather Clague MD. Brandon and Heather are both certified TEAM-CBT psychiatrists practicing in Oakland, California. Brandon is a brilliant multi-instrumentalist and singer / song writer / performer who has transformed his vision of TEAM-CBT into music! Heather is brilliant and fun improv acting teacher and performer who is quick in her mind and on her feet! Brandon and Heather have performed at David’s annual South San Francisco psychotherapy intensive for the past several years, and we are delighted to bring them to you up close and personal today! In today’s podcast, they’ll bring you their songs and amazing personal stories. And what is super cool is that you can follow the words for the music right here in the show notes. Song #1 \xa0Heather and Brandon begin with music about a familiar but painful theme for nearly all of us—the feeling of failure, and the belief that we are somehow defective or just “not good enough.” Brandon and Heather are extremely talented and successful individuals, but they are not immune from suffering. During the podcast, they describe their own painful personal experiences with depression, anxiety, shame, and defectiveness. Most therapists, including David, were trained in the psychoanalytic tradition and told that we should NEVER disclose or reveal our own personal feelings or experiences to patients. But we believe that some personal disclosure can be very healing for patients if done with skill and compassion. Most patients want to hear this type of message from a therapist: “I’ve been there myself, and know how much pain you’re in. And I can show you the way out of the woods, so you can experience feelings of joy and self-esteem again. And what a joy that’s going to be!” So, with no further ado, Brandon and Heather perform their first song: The Feel of Failure Lyrics by Heather Clague and Brandon Vance to the tune of “The Sound of Silence” by Paul Simon Hello failure my old friend I’ve come to talk with you again Because my ego softly creeping Infects my thoughts while I am preaching And that vision that was planted in my brain Still remains; becomes the Feel of Failure \xa0 Fool, said I, you are so lame Done something wrong to feel this shame Perfect is the way that you should be Self-blame coming like a tsunami Negative thoughts one hundred - percent on my DML I was in hell Suffered the Feel of Failure \xa0 My self-esteem had turned to shit I needed the magic button hit Something told me my feelings weren’t lame Began to do a positive reframe Maybe my feelings say something about me that is pretty fly I set the bar high So I have a Feel of Failure \xa0 I saw that I was not alone Dared go beyond my comfort zone I took pride in my humility Welcomed my faults as my humanity And in a moment of enlightenment I cried and then I laughed I’d finally grasped The wisdom... of the Feel... of Failure Song #2 \xa0The next song is on social anxiety. Brandon explains: “I wanted to introduce this song I wrote with Amy Specter who was on your podcast on August 5th #152 a month or so ago. It’s called, “Negative Thoughts Shut your Piehole Tonight.” And it’s about social anxiety and the idea that when you’re upset, it’s not the event or the other person who’s “making you” feel upset, it’s your own negative thoughts. “Where it gets personal for me is that I was bullied in elementary school by a group of my former friends who made up a story that I was gay - as if that\'s a bad thing - and then yelled things, tried to get in fights with me, etc., for really the majority of the school year. And I got really down and felt ashamed, and didn’t tell my parents or anyone else about it because of that. But what they did, didn’t make me down - it was my negative thoughts. I wasn’t actually gay, but what was important was that I told myself that I was defective, and people didn’t want to be around me. “The person who I thought was the ringleader was a blonde blue-eyed (as if those are good things) smart, handsome guy who had great social skills and apparent confidence - both seemingly more than I had. In my mind I made him into an evil person just interested in popularity. But he had many good qualities (and was a friend of mine before this). Seeing his good qualities reminds me of the concept of the disarm. “In this song, the singer is anxious about going to a party. She feels envious of Anna, a woman who’s thin (as if that\'s a good thing) and gets a lot of attention - both because of our culture’s preoccupation with women being thin and also because she has great social skills. So, she feels bad about herself. “But then realizes it’s just her negative thoughts and also sees that her negative thoughts and feelings helpful to her, and represent good things about her. Then she works successfully on changing the way she thinks and feels.” \xa0Negative Thoughts, Shut Your Piehole Tonight! \xa0by Amy Specter and Brandon Vance Tiny Anna, you’ve been getting me down. But I know it’s not you; it’s the negative thoughts doing their doo-doo. And those negative thoughts I can leave behind. That’s right, you can walk right out of my mind. You can shut your pie-hole, though you’ve given me a lot during my days. But, I don’t need you now; you can get up and walk right out of that door - and shut your pie hole on the way! \xa0 You’ve been talking since the dawn’s early light you’re an expert, attention getter, you’re quite the sight! Anna please teach me to talk at a party like the talkin\' on the tv screen Now I’m gonna say something and it may not be polite! Cause I’ve realized that I’ve got some work to do But this time I’m not going to shut down and stew. My negative thoughts are bothering me much more than Anna Lee so negative thoughts, shut your pie holes tonight. Negative thoughts you’ve served me well and kept me from being in social situation hell Rejection comfortably kept at bay I don’t have to put myself out there I can keep myself at home without judgments to fear they can let me off the hook No effort to change, to learn new things or swim in another lane Negative thoughts you’ve kept me safe But I’m going to try my mind on a different train Maybe I don’t need negative thoughts and their kind to tell me if I can have a good time I can be myself and go at my own pace Even with these tiny negative thoughts flapping their tiny lips in my face Negative thoughts said there’s no room in this world for my kind well that’s just bullshit created by my negative mind I laugh about awkward autocorrects, Weird-Al and farting So why not enjoy, the people, at the party? So negative thoughts shut your pieholes tonight! Negative thoughts you’ve served me well Negative thoughts - farewell! Negative thoughts shut your pie hole tonight Tiny Anna will surely get some attention That may be true And that doesn’t mean I won’t get affection But even if I don’t have things to say, I’ll learn to chit chat the Anna way. So Negative thoughts shut your pieholes tonight, Negative thoughts shut your pieholes tonight. That’s right, negative thoughts shut your pieholes tonight!\xa0 Cause I wanna have some FUN!!! Song #3 \xa0The last song by Brandon and Heather focuses on the “A” of TEAM therapy, formerly called A = Paradoxical Agenda Setting, and now given the simpler name of A = Assessment of Resistance. We address the patient’s resistance in this very crucial and paradoxical part of TEAM-CBT. When we address resistance up front by arguing for the status quo, the patient paradoxically argues for change, and therapy becomes much easier. After that point, it’s No Resistance No Cry. NO RESISTANCE NO CRY \xa0Lyrics by Amy Specter and Brandon Vance to the tune of “No Woman No Cry.” by Bob Marley. No resistance no cry No resistance no cry No resistance no cry No resistance no cry Next week, Brandon and Heather will return for a second podcast on listening to a very different kind of “music,” the meaning behind the words when people are critical of you. We will discuss and illustrate, once again, the incredibly important Disarming Technique, which is arguably the most important of the Five Secrets of Effective Communication. More about Brandon and Heather In addition to her brilliant work as a TEAM-CBT psychiatrist and teacher, Heather Clague is a singer and improviser who collaborated in the creation of lyrics for some of Brandon’s songs. She is\xa0a member of the performance group,  The Berkeley Players,\xa0and is the director of Berkeley Improv, a Bay Area school of improv that offers improv acting classes for adults and youth. Heather says, "Improv is a lot like TEAM CBT - full of laughter and enlightenment. The best moments tend to happen when we throw shame to the wind and let magic arise from the ordinary and let our \'mistakes\' become gifts." Dr. Brandon Vance has a musical group that is connected with the Justice Arts Collective\xa0at Chabot College in Hayward California. In that group, he works with students to create musical pieces with social justice themes, often in the style of hip hop with Latin beats. Most, if not all of the students have experienced personal trauma and social inequity. Through music, they can share their truths, their hearts and their wealth of experiences with each other and the community, while at the same time working for social change.\xa0 Brandon explains that “we form deep connections with each other, and it’s become something of a family . A couple of years ago, we made a music video for our song, ‘From Mt. Tamalpais to Fruitvale Station,’ and actually won first place in the My Hero International Film Festival and in the World Independent Film Festival, as well as awards in many other film festivals.\xa0 Check it out!\xa0We’re now working on a new video about immigration with our song, \'Bring Down the Wall.\'" Brandon has also worked with Amy Specter in the creation of a company called Gameful Mind. He explains that “we wanted playful ways to support adults and kids in developing skills to be and stay emotionally well. So, we made the game TuneIN TuneUP, as well as some other games and playful shirts and such.” David and Rhonda \xa0 \xa0 | The Secret of a Meaningful Life One of my favorite podcasts of all time, and one of the most frequently downloaded, was the  live session with Daisy (podcast #79): “What’s the Secret of a Meaningful Life?” You may recall that Daisy and her husband, Zane, were looking forward with dread to the possibility of childlessness, since their efforts at pregnancy had so far failed, and Daisy was asking if she could possibly have a joyful and meaningful life without children. In today’s podcast we return to the same type of question from the other end of the spectrum. When we age and look back on our lives, and realize that our days are numbered, we may once again, "Have I lived a meaningful life?" Do you know how to answer this question? What, in your opinion, is the secret of a meaningful life? If the answer to this question is important to you, you might enjoy today’s podcast, which features, once again, two beloved friends and colleagues, Dr. Marilyn Coffee and Dr. Matthew May. Matt and I first treated Marilyn for intense depression, anxiety, and anger two years ago at the time of her unexpected and shocking diagnosis of Stage 4 non-smoker’s lung cancer. Marilyn was incredibly depressed and panicky, as you might imagine. If you are interested, you can listen to our initial treatment of Marilyn in  podcast #49, “The Dark Night of the Soul.” One of Marilyn\'s concerns at that time was that she had lost her faith in God and had begun to doubt the existence of an after-life. She was intensely self-critical and ashamed, and was also extremely angry because she began doubting her spiritual teachers and thinking of them as frauds. These doubts were all the more troubling to Marilyn, since she’d been a devout Catholic for her entire life. In fact, she\xa0 even has a Master’s Degree in theology, along with several additional Master’s Degrees plus a PhD in clinical psychology! But now she was terrified by the prospect of her own death. During that initial treatment session, Marilyn overcome her fears, depression, and doubts, and ended up in a state of joy, and even laughter. This rapid transformation confirmed the basis of cognitive therapy, that our emotional pain results from our thoughts, and not from what is actually happening to us. And the thoughts that cause depression and anxiety will be distorted and cruel--I\'ve often said that depression and anxiety are the world\'s oldest cons. Following that session, we were flooded with emails praising Marilyn. Oddly enough, many people said she was their spiritual hero. They said they were stunned and grateful her raw courage, testimony, and honesty. Now, it’s two years later. Sadly, Marilyn has just learned from her doctors that she’s had numerous metastases, and that her lung cancer has spread to the opposite lung, as well as to her bones, brain, liver, and lymph nodes. Marilyn is understandably paralyzed once again by overwhelming feelings of depression, anxiety, shame, hopelessness, and anger. Today’s podcast is based on our most recent session with Marilyn about two weeks ago. I have to warn you that the session may be sobering, and even a bit terrifying, but hopefully you will find it to be inspirational and helpful, because sooner or later, we’ll all have to share the prospect of facing our own inevitable death, and asking ourselves, “Have I had a meaningful life?” We scheduled this follow-up live therapy podcast for three reasons. First, we hoped to provide Marilyn with some relief from the devastating depression that had returned when she learned of her metastases. Second, we wanted to give you, and all of Marilyn’s many fans, an update on what’s happened in the past two years. And third, Marilyn wanted the chance to tell you about some of the positives in her life, since she so often mentions her failures, such as her bouts with alcoholism, and the fact that she never found a loving partner. Every TEAM session begins with T = Testing. You can see her scores on the Brief Mood Survey she filled out just before the session began. (link) All her scores reflect the most severe negative feelings a human being can experience. Marilyn has extraordinarily severe depression, anxiety, and anger, and her positive feelings are totally absent. Marilyn brought a partially completed  Daily Mood Log to the session. If you take a look, you\'ll see all of her intensely Negative Thoughts and devastating feelings about the spread of her cancer.\xa0 During the E = Empathy phase, Matt, Rhonda and I gave Marilyn the space she needed to vent and describe her despair and feelings of terror. We did not try to help or cheer her up. Marilyn cried as she described her fear of dying alone, and vividly recalled a friend who died a horrible death from lung cancer 20 years ago. Marilyn says he could barely breathe, and fears a similar horrific fate. Marilyn cries, and confesses that she has not been able to cry up until now. She says she suddenly felt a spiritual presence being around Matt, Rhonda, and David. During the Empathy phase, Matt made many tender comments to Marilyn, shared his own profound sadness, and told Marilyn that joining us today is a gift to him, and to all of us. Matt and I asked Marilyn how we were doing in Empathy, in terms of understanding how she was thinking and feeling, and whether we were providing warmth, acceptance and support. She gave us high grades. When you listen, please notice that we didn’t do anything to try to help Marilyn, or to try to cheer her up. You can hear Matt simply paraphrasing much of what Marilyn had been saying, acknowledging her feelings, and sharing his own feelings of sadness and warmth toward Marilyn. After about 25 minutes of empathy, we moved on to the next phase of the session called A = Assessment of Resistance (formerly called Paradoxical Agenda Setting.) We started by asking Marilyn if she wanted any help with the problems she\'d been describing, or if she needed more time to talk while we listened and provided support.\xa0 She said that she did want help. Since her remaining time was potentially short, she said she didn’t want to spend it in the misery of overwhelming depression, anxiety, worthlessness, shame, loneliness, hopelessness, and rage. Then I asked the Magic Button question—If we had a Magic Dial, and all of her negative thoughts and feelings would instantly disappear, with no effort at all, simply by pressing it, would she press the button? Marilyn immediately said that she WOULD press the button. Almost everybody says this. And it seems obvious. Why would anyone want to feel intense, relentless and overwhelming negative emotions? Matt, Rhonda, and David debated about whether or not the A = Assessment of Resistance would be needed, since it seemed like Marilyn was suffering so much that she would OBVIOUSLY want help. We decided to address the resistance, since whenever we’ve skipped it, we’ve usually regretted it. So just to be safe, we decided to do some Positive Reframing, and asked these two questions about each of the nine categories of intense negative feelings on Marilyn\'s\xa0Daily Mood Log, such as depression, anxiety, guilt, inferiority, loneliness, hopelessness, rage, and so forth.  What does this negative feeling show about you and your core values that’s beautiful, positive and even awesome? What are some benefits of this negative feeling? How might it help you?  Surprisingly, Marilyn came up with a list of more than 20 positives with some help from Rhonda, Matt and me. You can take a look at  her Positive Reframing List. This process seemed to have a profound calming effect on Marilyn, just as it does on most people. I think one reason is that culture / society have trained all of us \\to think about our negative feelings as defects, or “mental disorders,” like the many that are listed in the DSM5. Positive Reframing turns all of this upside down, and makes you proud of your negative feelings. Paradoxically, this make it possible for you to get rid of the feelings quickly. We concluded with the Magic Dial, and asked Marilyn what she might want to dial her feelings down to, without getting rid of them completely, since they did have many benefits, and since they also reflected what was most beautiful about her.  You can see the result of the Magic Dial on her  Daily Mood Log, in the “% Goal” column of her table of negative emotions. For example, she wanted to dial her depression down to 10%, but thought that she\'d want to keep the anxiety in the range of 20 - 25. But she said she\'d be happy to dial the guilt and shame all the way to zero! After the A = Assessment of Resistance, which seemed to lift her mood considerably, we went on to M = Methods. After easily identifying the distortions in her thoughts, like All-or-Nothing Thinking, Self-Blame, hidden Should Statements, and more, Marilyn was able to challenge and crush her Negative Thoughts pretty quickly using the Paradoxical Double Standard Technique as well as Externalization of Voices. Two strategies seemed important—the Self-Defense Paradigm and the Acceptance Paradox. I emphasized the overlap between the Acceptance Paradox and Marilyn’s Catholic faith. It is the idea that you cannot, and not have to, earn your way to heaven through your good works. Christianity is based on the idea that we are not saved by our achievements or good work, but rather by the grace of God--which is simply the acceptance of our flawed nature. David emphasizes that these ideas are not exclusive to Christianity, but are woven into most if not all religions. During this phase of the session, Marilyn reflected on some of the experiences that she’s proud of, things she would like you to know about, like her trip to Nicaragua to attend seminary at the Franciscan School of Theology. During that time, she worked with the oppressed indigenous people in relocation camps following the bombings, and joined the Witness for Peace group.\xa0 She describes this as "one of the most transformative and spiritual experiences of my life." Many of you are probably not familiar with Marilyn\'s fairly extensive arrest record, which she is equally proud of! She explains: "During the 80s and early 90s, I was arrested several times for political protests, primarily at the Federal Building in San Francisco.\xa0 For example, I participated in a major non-violent prayful march at Lawrence Livermore Laboratory.\xa0 Several of us were arrested and spent a month in jail (tents on the grounds of Santa Rita Jail.)" Marilyn also wants to know that she was "a damn good therapist." That\'s something I can attest to, having presented with Marilyn on many occasions, including our empathy workshop at one of the prestigious Evolution of Psychotherapy conferences in Anaheim, California. And still, all of her amazing accomplishments and contributions do not protect her, or any of us, from falling into a black hole of self-doubt and despair from time to time, and when Marilyn falls, the pain she inflicts on herself can be intense. You may notice that the Negative Thoughts on  her Daily Mood Log\xa0today are very similar to the Negative Thoughts on her  Daily Mood Log\xa0from two years earlier, during our first session with Marilyn. This confirms the concept of “fractal psychotherapy.” In other words, all of your suffering will be encapsulated in any one brief moment when you are upset. And when you suffer again in the future, it will be that same fractal--the same exact pattern of negative thoughts, distortions and feelings. This is really good news, because the methods that helped you recover initially will be helpful for you when you again fall into the black hole of depression. The goal of TEAM-CBT is NOT eternal happiness--no human being is capable of that! Rather, the goal is to understand and master the tools that will be helpful for you. One important teaching point is that Marilyn’s suffering, once again, does not result from her cancer, but rather from her self-critical thoughts, which are both cruel and distorted. She’s been telling herself that she is not religious enough, that she has lost her faith, and that her life has not been meaningful. Fortunately, these Negative Thoughts can easily be challenged and defeated, as you will hear on the podcast. The entire basis of cognitive therapy is a spiritual idea, that “the truth shall make you free.” Although this is a core Christian teaching from the New Testament (John 8: 32), it is an idea that’s embedded in many religions, including Buddhism, and probably in every religion. Toward the end of the session, Marilyn described inspiring moments when she feels the most spiritual and the most alive. It’s when she notices and profoundly appreciates the simple things in her life, like seeing a sliver of the moon in the evening when walking her dogs, watching a sunset on the beach at Santa Cruz, her first sip of latte in the morning or a bite of a delicious peach! Marilyn also described the intense mourning she feels for people throughout the world who are in poverty or pain. She also grieves for animals who are suffering, and feels devastated by the destruction of our natural resources, such as the rain forests in Brazil. You can see  the final T = Testing . As you can see, she met or exceeded her goals for all of her negative feelings. You may be puzzled by the end of session rating for sadness and depression was "50%, but a GOOD 50%!" Sometimes, feelings of sadness and grief, once the distortions have been eliminated, are are the experiences that can wake us up, and provide the profound sense of meaning we are craving in our lives. The highest human experience, perhaps, is the compassion we sometimes feel for ourselves and others who are suffering. In fact, this may be the true meaning of spirituality. I call this feeling, "Sadness as Celebration," and hope to write and talk more about it in a future podcast.\xa0 At the end of the session, Marilyn said, “I feel light!” And gave us all big hugs. Will it last? Matt wisely suggests some terrific Relapse Prevention Training that you will hear when you listen to the session. Of course, it will be up to Marilyn--and to all of us--to pick up these tools and use them when we again fall into a black hole. This is also an inherently spiritual idea, and is based on the idea that we have the freedom to chose light or darkness. After the session, Marilyn emailed me and asked if I could include a few additional comments in the show notes. Here’s what she wrote: Greetings David, my dearest friend, Words cannot express my gratitude for you, Matt, & Rhonda - what special gifts you are. I hope the podcast was ok. I am deeply embarrassed because I forgot to express my gratitude and surprise from all the e-mails we received - the compassion and support was/is overwhelming. I hope I can give back! I could never had done this, if I weren’t for you & Matt - and your amazing & compassionate skills. I also forgot to mention that I probably will never get to New York or Ireland because of finances. I take one day at a time and try to be grateful for the small miracles. I go to Stanford next Tuesday. I will definitely be in touch. Thank you again. I also forgot to mention this - which is VERY important is that I am going through this process sober - not avoiding with alcohol. I am going to more meetings & speaking up. Thank you again. I cherish our friendship. With deep gratitude and love. dear friend, Marilyn Thank you, Marilyn, for this incredible gift to all of us! Matt, David, and Rhonda | David and Rhonda are joined again today by David\'s neighbor, friend, and hiking buddy, Dave Fribush. We appreciate his superb technical skills and thank Dave for his support of our podcasts! Rhonda starts the podcast by reading a question from a podcast fan named Rajesh, who wrote: I have often seen that estranged friends or family members do not talk or resolve a trivial conflict for years because one or both of them have ego issues or have fear of rejection. This problem of unfairness may even exist between a demanding parent and the child, ranging from secretly resenting to not talking at all. They might come face to face in family occasions or professional settings in case of friendship and bear the discomfort, but not attempt to reconcile. They might be suffering deep down emotionally but they refuse to accept that it matters. One or both members might feel they have been treated unfairly and expect apologies. But, both parties are scared to even make the move for the fear of being hurt again or rejected. On a personal level, I have faced such unfairness with a close friend. I see even if you forgive the other party, that element of resentment is still in their somewhere. How do you know you have truly forgiven someone and moved on? Whats the best that can be done at an individual level without involving the other party, at least till the time both are ready to talk it out, if it ever happens.\xa0 Once again I thank you for all the selfless Good work you do for people through your knowledge sharing. My sincere best wishes to you and great thanks 🙏. Rajesh I appreciate this question, and it is a great introduction for our podcast on Changing the Focus, one of the three Advanced Secrets of Effective Communication.\xa0We recently introduced the three advanced secrets in  podcast #126, and you can listen to it for review if you like.  Changing the Focus.\xa0This technique can be tremendously helpful when there’s an “elephant” in the room. Multiple Choice Empathy.\xa0This technique can be transformative when you’re trying to connect with a teenager, friend or loved one who refuses to talk to you. Positive Reframing.\xa0This technique can be invaluable when you’re fighting with a colleague, patient, friend or family member, and you’re both feeling frustrated, angry, and upset  Today we take a deeper dive into Changing the Focus. This technique can be extremely helpful when you feel tense or awkward in your relationship with someone. For example, you may be arguing endlessly, or there could be some unacknowledged feelings that no one is talking about, like shame, anger, hurt, or resentment. When you use Changing the Focus, you gently point out what\'s happening, and focus on your feelings, and drawing out the other person\'s feelings, instead of continuing in the same pattern of arguing or avoidance. Although this technique can be tremendously helpful, it is very challenging, so I have written two memos explaining the technique in greater detail, with examples. One is for\xa0therapists and one is for the  general public. If you are interested in learning this technique, this would be a great starting place, and it might not hurt to read both memos. In addition, you have to be skillful with the Five Secrets of Effective Communication before trying this technique. That\'s a lot to ask, I know!\xa0 David, Rhonda, and Dave (our new podcast co-host) model how Rajesh might use Changing the Focus with estranged friends or family members. Then Dave Fribush provides a terrific example of how he used the Five Secrets, plus Changing the Focus, in a troubled love relationship, after arguing and resisting for several years. Then I (David) provide an example with a patient I was failing with, and Rhonda provides two tremendous examples--one from her clinical practice, and one involving her sister.\xa0 See what you think about our new three-person format! Since our audience consists of therapists as well as the general public, we welcome Dave with open arms and hearts, and feel lucky!\xa0 David, Rhonda, and Dave\xa0:) | One Student’s Experience In today’s podcast, Rhonda and I are super-pleased to interview Kyle Jones again. For some time now, Kyle has been telling me that he wants to talk about his psychotherapy training experiences on a podcast. This subject is near and dear to my heart, since I do a great deal of training, so Rhonda and I decided to do this second interview with Kyle, and it’s a good one, I think! You may recall our recent interview with Kyle on his interesting research and perspective on the treatment of LGBTQ individuals several weeks ago. Kyle is a brilliant and super-friendly 5th year graduate student in clinical psychology at Palo Alto University, and has been a member of my Tuesday evening psychotherapy training group at Stanford for the past four years as well. Kyle now sees patients at the Feeling Good Institute in Mt. View, California. He has also been promoted to small group leader in our Tuesday group, and does superb work as a teacher. During today’s interview, Kyle, Rhonda and I focus on many critically important training and treatment issues. Kyle states that he has been exposed to many fine teachers promoting a wide variety of popular treatment “packages” at the Palo Alto University and at his practicum sites, including traditional CBT, ACT, EMDR, psychodynamic therapy, and more. However, in all cases, the therapist was encouraged to “sell” this or that approach to the patient. Unfortunately, this has a tendency to trigger resistance, and is the main cause of therapeutic failure in clinical settings as well as controlled outcome studies as well. Paradoxical Agenda Setting, which is the secret spice of TEAM Therapy, was never mentioned in his training at Palo Alto University. When you do Paradoxical Agenda Setting, you bring the patient’s subconscious resistance to conscious awareness, and then you melt it away with a variety of innovative techniques like the Magic Button, Positive Reframing, Magic Dial, Acid Test, Gentle Ultimatum and more. The rapid reduction the patient’s resistance often leads to the high-speed, mind-boggling recoveries we frequently see in TEAM-CBT. Kyle emphasized that he has not see a single teacher or therapist even use the simple Invitation Step in therapy, in spite of the fact that it is so incredibly basic. Essentially, after empathizing with your patient, you ask if there is something she or he wants help with during the session, or if the patient needs more time to talk and get support. Most therapists wrongly believe that this question is unnecessary since the patient is coming to therapy, so he or she MUST want help. But in fact, nearly ALL patients have some degree of ambivalence about recovery, and if this ambivalence is ignored, the patient may, and probably will, resist the therapist’s efforts to “help.” Rhonda enthusiastically agrees that the Invitation Step is incredibly powerful and admits that it took her several years to “get it,” and that she also resisted using the Invitation Step it at first, thinking it wasn’t needed. But she failed her Level 3 Certification Exam in TEAM-CBT because she didn’t know how to do it! Once she began using it, her practiced changed dramatically. And then she easily passed her exam with flying colors! Intense therapist resistance to these new techniques is extremely common. I once supervised a clinical psychology post-doctoral fellow at Stanford who resisted using the Invitation Step with her patients for the first two months of our supervision. All she did was schmooze with her patients. Finally, I asked her why she wasn’t using the Invitation Step. She told me she was afraid her patients would say, “Yes, I DO want some help with problem X, Y or Z.” And then she might not know how to help them solve whatever problem they had! She said, “As long as I just schmooze with my patients, I know that nothing will change, but they’ll think it’s good therapy!” Fortunately, after we discussed this dilemma, she began using the Invitation Step, along with many other Paradoxical Agenda Setting techniques, and her clinical work improved a ;pt. Kyle also emphasizes the incredible value of the Brief Mood Survey and Evaluation of Therapy Session with every patient at every session, and yet most teachers and therapists in his graduate program, as well as those at his practicum sites, are not using these instruments. I think this is arguably an ethics violation, since therapists’ perceptions of how their patients feel can be wildly inaccurate. I predict that within ten years, all therapists will be required by licensing agencies and insurers to use these kinds of assessment instruments. The importance of assessment instruments in clinical work and training was underscored by my experience several days ago with a patient who gave me incredibly poor grades on empathy as well as helpfulness at the end of a free, two-hour phone session. I had sensed the session had not gone especially well, but I didn’t realize just how awful it was until I saw my ratings! The scores on Empathy and Helpfulness were among the worst I’ve received in the past 25 years. This was illuminating, but disturbing, as I’d been trying my best but I had clearly failed my patient in a big way, and he was ticked off! I would not have known just how angry and upset he was if I had not been using the Evaluation of Therapy Session. I had a fairly sleepless night, and emailed him the first thing in the morning to find out what emotions I’d overlooked, and urged him to express his angry feelings toward me. This led to a tremendous and highly gratifying therapeutic breakthrough. Kyle was generous in his praise for the training we do in our Tuesday group, and I feel extremely fortunate to have had the chance to work with Kyle! I am hopeful that the training methods my colleagues and I have been developing over the past 20 years will begin to catch on, but have to admit that I’ve run into fairly strong resistance from many therapists who fight and oppose our new training and treatment methods. By the way, the Tuesday group is totally free for all clinicians in the San Francisco Bay Area, or from anywhere for that matter. We’ve had commuters and visitors from as far as Denver, Portland, and even China. If you want to dramatically improve your therapy skills, and have an interest in some of the new treatment and training methods we’re using, and want free personal work as well, this might be an option for you, and we’d be really happy to have you visit and maybe even join us! David, Rhonda, and Kyle \xa0 | Plus, Thomas Szaas, TV Shrinks, and more! David and Rhonda are joined today by David\'s neighbor, friend, and hiking buddy, Dave Fribush. He has incredible technological skills, and wisdom.\xa0 We thank Dave for his support of our podcasts! We open the podcast with a wonderful email from a fan named Sushant who listened to Feeling Good Podcasts for nine hours during a rigorous hike to the "Tiger Monastery" in Bhutan. You can see Sushant and his phone, showing the podcast icon, just in front of the monastery. Rhonda encourages podcast fans from around the world to send photos of yourself listening to the Feeling Good Podcast in additional unusual or exotic locations! Might be fun to see what you send to us!\xa0 Here are the questions for today\'s program: Ann asks: Loved your podcast (on the exposure model, #26)! But I do have a question - I have suffered from panic attacks for years - the past 2 years I\'ve become agoraphobic and don\'t want to be far away from my house. So, my phobia is now "having panic attacks." Does that mean I just need to go out and have a bunch of panic attacks in public to get over my fear? The thought seems terrifying. Also, I am severely claustrophobic which affects me anytime I feel trapped (elevators, small cars, traffic, tight spaces, etc.) Is there a protocol you used to treat patients with this? Just wanted to suggest perhaps a podcast on this subject, or agoraphobia, as it does affect many people worldwide. Nathan asks: Dear David, Love your podcasts. I am currently preparing a lecture for psychology honors students here at Monash University on assessment of depression and anxiety. In your podcasts you mention that you conducted a "study on the psychiatric inpatient unit at the Stanford Hospital, in which I evaluated how accurate therapists’ perceptions of patients were after an interaction. Student researchers interviewed patients for several hours as part of a research study on psychiatric diagnosis." I was wondering if you could provide me with a reference to this study? I could not find a specific reference in your website and I would like to be able to highlight to student\'s the results of your research. Richard asks: I listened to your podcast on being worthwhile and found it interesting. You say all people are worthwhile. This may be true but does the whole world think this? If a person is worthwhile but the world thinks they are not worthwhile, isn\'t this almost as bad as not actually being worthwhile. Don\'t we have to play by the world’s rules, however bad, instead of our own or the Platonic rules? What do you think? Robert asks: Dear David. I am up to podcast #108. I am heading to India next month for a three-week trek and am going to download the rest onto my phone. Perhaps by the time I get back, I will be up to date! I have never heard you mention Tom Szasz, who, as I am sure you know, was making some of the same observations about the constructs of medicalizing you make back in the 1960s and maybe even in the 50s. In particular, his criticism of the psychiatric industry giving the names of diseases or syndromes to behavioral issues was very consistent with yours. Robert also asks: My other question is an idea for future podcasts and it is...How about critiquing the therapeutic approach we see so often on television and in the movies? For the lay audience, these are probably the source of much of what they know about therapy. And because these therapists are well-known and fictional, it would give you an opportunity to make critiques without having to criticize an actual person. And it could introduce some levity into what can often be quite heavy. Some of the Hollywood therapists people know best are:  Judd Hirsch as the shrink in Ordinary People Lorraine Bracco as the shrink in The Sopranos Peter Bogdanovich as the shrink\'s shrink in The Sopranos Billy Crystal as the shrink in Analyze This! Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting Kelsey Grammer in Frasier  I am sure there are many others. These are the ones who quickly came to mind I just found an article about this that might help make the case that what the public sees on TV and in the movies is not really reflective of the therapeutic process or good therapy. Here’s the link:  https://www.huffpost.com/entry/therapists-on-the-big-and_b_4263798 Thanks for tuning in! David and Rhonda References for Nathan Burns, D., Westra, H., Trockel, M., & Fisher, A. (2012) Motivation and Changes in Depression. Cognitive Therapy and Research DOI 10.1007/s10608-012-9458-3 Published online 22 April 2012. Hatcher, R. L., Barends, A., Hansell, J. & Gutfreund, M.J. (1995). Patients\' and therapists\' shared and unique views of the therapeutic alliance: An investigation using confirmatory factory analysis in a nested design. Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology, 63(4), 636 - 643. \xa0 | The Story of Lorraine and “Anna” In today’s podcast, David and Rhonda interview Dr. Lorraine Wong, a board-certified clinical psychologist, and her patient, “Anna,” who sought treatment recently for depression, anxiety, and self-image / self-esteem issues. But first, David and Rhonda answer a question submitted by Estafonia, a “public image consultant,” who asks about the treatment of a woman who sees herself as “fat.” Estafonia wrote: “Hi Dr. Burns, “I am learning TEAM, CBT and implementing your techniques to help my clients change or improve their self-perception. In most cases, your techniques have been very effective. I am very grateful to you and I will happily join your list of fans! “My question is this—What would be the best method to change someone’s self-image? How can you help people change the idea that they are fat for example? “I have a patient who can\'t defeat the thought, ‘I am fat.’ We tried the method called Examine the Evidence,” and she has already found 20 people who see her as thin. So, the evidence clearly did not support her belief that she is fat. But this did not help. “We also tried the method called Let’s Define Terms, and we both concluded that she is not fat. But now she tells me, ‘I know I am not fat, but I can\'t stop thinking about it.’ “We also did the Downward Arrow Technique to probe her deepest fears and Self-Defeating Beliefs, but that didn’t seem to help, either, and she keeps ruminating about being fat. I would greatly appreciate your guidance on how to help her overcome that thought! “Thanks in advance! Estefania” Lorraine, Rhonda, David and Anna quickly diagnose the most likely cause of Estefania’s stuckness—she is trying to “help” her patient without first melting away her patient’s resistance. This is the cause of practically all therapeutic failure, and you’re not really doing TEAM-CBT if you don’t know how to eliminate the patient’s resistance. That’s because most people are ambivalent about change. As the Jesuit mystic, Anthony DeMello, has said: “We yearn for change but cling to the familiar.” Recognizing and modifying this inherent ambivalence is the heart of A = Paradoxical Agenda Setting, but you can also think of the A as standing for “Assessment of Resistance.” How could we melt away this woman’s ambivalence / reluctance to stop bombarding herself with the message, “I’m fat”? It is important to realize that this self-critical thought, and, in fact, all of her negative thoughts and feelings have huge advantages for her, and also indicate some really beautiful and awesome things about her and her core values. For example, telling herself “I’m fat” may motivate her to diet, to exercise, and to make extra sure that she doesn’t get complacent and gain a tremendous amount of weight. In addition, the thought, “I’m fat,” shows that she has high standards, and her high standards have probably motivated her success in many areas of her life. For example, she probably works really hard to stay in good health and in good physical condition. The thought, “I’m fat,” also shows that she’s humble, and on and on and on. And that’s just one negative thought. But this woman probably has many negative thoughts and feelings, like anxiety, shame, inferiority and depression, and they ALL have tremendous advantages, and they ALL reveal what is beautiful and awesome about her and her core values. In addition, the thought may be protecting this patient from things she fears, like intimacy. As long as she tells herself, “I’m fat,” she does have to risk trying to get close, or having sex, or risking rejection. So the thought, in a way, is a form of self-love and self-protection. Once Estafonia and her patient list all these positives, Estafonia could ask her patient, “Given all these advantages and positive qualities, maybe it wouldn’t be such a good idea to stop telling yourself, ‘I’m fat.’ This thought seems to be working for you in a really positive way, and also reflects your core values.” That’s the essence of Paradoxical Agenda Setting. We try, in a genuine way, to honor the patient’s resistance, rather than trying to sell the patient on change. This is very difficult for therapists to learn because of the compulsion to save, help, or rescue the patient. In addition, obsessions (recurring illogical negative thoughts like “I’m fat”) frequently result from the Hidden Emotion phenomenon, and this has to be dealt with skillfully when treating any patient with anxiety. Estafonia’s patient may be upset about something she’s not dealing with in her life, and bringing the hidden problem or feelings to conscious awareness can often be incredibly helpful. For more information, see my book, When Panic Attacks, which you can order from my books page (link). After focusing on Estafonia’s excellent question, David, Rhonda, Lorraine and Anna talk about the emotional challenges that brought Anna to treatment, including severe feelings of depression which came on when Anna returned to the United States after 13 years working abroad. She was also feeling anxious, stuck, angry, and hopeless, and was comforting herself by binging on her three favorite foods. Anna describes previous partial treatment failures, and explains that her previous cognitive therapist had “the empathy of a prison guard,” and contrasts those experiences with her successful experience with Lorraine. In fact, Anna describes the TEAM-CBT she received at the Feeling Good Institute as “cognitive therapy on steroids.” I (David) loved hearing that because this is how I think about TEAM-CBT, too! TEAM really is CBT on steroids! But, I’ve been too embarrassed to describe TEAM-CBT in this way, fearing it might sound crass or unprofessional. Anna and Lorraine explain why the T = Testing and E = Empathy of TEAM were so critical to the success of the therapy. Anna says that Lorraine was, in fact, the first therapist “who really got me, and really understood me!” Anna emphasizes the enormous importance of the A = Paradoxical Agenda Setting (aka Assessment of Resistance) as well. Lorraine helped Anna discover what was beautiful and awesome about all of her negative feelings, including severe depression, shame, anxiety, anger, loneliness, and even hopelessness. She said, “My depression and feelings of loss when I moved showed that I really care about what I do, as well as the people around me.” Anna also said that her anger showed that she was overly nice, out of her love for people, but that she had the right to set boundaries and stick up for herself, and didn’t always have to be a people-pleaser. The Positive Reframing proved to be a positive shock to the system, and Anna’s symptoms started to improve significantly even before starting the M = Methods phase of the TEAM-CBT treatment. The Positive Reframing made it relatively easy for Anna to smash the negative, self-critical thoughts that triggered her depression, anxiety, shame, and hopelessness, and then they moved on to other goals, such as using the Five Secrets of Effective Communication in her interactions with colleagues and friends. Finally, they focused on self-image issues, which brings us back to the question Estafonia had posed at the start of the podcast: How you can help patients with self-image problems and addictions to eating? Anna explained that when she was depressed, she had gained weight because of her addiction to salami (Mmmm!), ice cream (Yummm!), and rice and beans (WOW!) Lorraine used David’s “Devil’s Advocate Technique,” to help Anna challenge the tempting thoughts that always triggered her overeating. Rhonda and I are incredibly grateful to Lorraine (aka Dr. Wong) and “Anna” for this opportunity to bring TEAM to life in a very real and personal way. Thank you, Lorraine and Anna! Dr. Lorraine Wong is a certified Level 4 TEAM-CBT therapist and practices at the Feeling Good Institute in Mountain View, California. She specializes in the treatment of body image concerns and emotional eating, as well as depression and anxiety, with TEAM-CBT. Thanks for tuning in! David and Rhonda | Ask David Five Secrets Relationship Questions Kate asks: I love listening to your podcasts and am currently reading my way through your book, Feeling Good. I appreciate that you have written and spoken about relationship problems at length, but in what I have read and heard so far I do not see how this can apply to the current climate of casual dating and hook up culture which is fueled by apps such as Tinder. I don\'t know how it\'s possible to build relationships when the dominant mentality is that people are disposable. It feels like no matter how much I find truth in what my date says, stroke them and empathize with them, that they will disappear (\'ghost\') at the drop of a hat. I think this may be a significant problem for many of your listeners, and would greatly appreciate your thoughts, as well as any practical steps on how to date in today\'s world. * * *\xa0 Eli asks: Your work has helped me tremendously over the past 2 years. However, recently I’ve discovered something about myself that I don’t know how to change. I’d be really curious to hear your thoughts. For some reason, when it comes to sex, it seems that I have a lot of self-worth wrapped up in my sex drive. I’m realizing when my wife and I have sex I feel like I’m on top of the world afterwards. I feel so positive the following few days and I feel mentally and emotionally healthy. But it’s devastatingly real that the reverse is true as well... when we don’t have sex (and particularly when I reach out and she’s not in the mood) and when a week or so passes that we don’t have sex, I find myself feeling very insecure. I feel ugly, unlovable and generally less valuable as a person. Is there an exercise you would recommend for me to discover possible hidden thoughts/emotions that could be causing this? Is it possible to change this about myself? I want to have a close, intimate relationship with my wife (sexually and non-sexually) but I also want to feel valuable and positive whether or not we’re sexually active. PS - If, by chance, you address this on the podcast, could you refer to me as “Eli” or something else anonymous as you usually do. Thank you for all you have do! * * *\xa0 Susan asks: You seem like a good person to ask this question partly because you are a man. Someone I know, I won’t say whom, told me he felt emasculated when I asked him to take my car to the gas station to get the wipers replaced. He said that he should be able to replace them himself but doesn’t actually know how, so he would prefer if I took the car to the service station. I said that was stupid, granted not very diplomatic, and he said that’s what he gets for expressing his feelings, which I frequently complain he does not do. To me “emasculated“ is more of a concept or a thought. I will not get into toxic masculinity and the patriarchy, but I am curious what you think. By the way, this person and I have benefited a lot from your relationship journal exercise, thankfully we did not need it this time :-) * * *\xa0 Knaidu asks: Here’s a specific example which occurred whilst I was trying to use the disarming technique. It is one where I failed to use the technique. Anyway, I was meeting a friend of mine, and was a running a few min late for our lunch appointment. I couldn\'t send her text to let her know as I was driving. I arrived at least 5 min late. When I arrived she immediately said "I knew it all along, you really don\'t want to meet with me or actually have lunch with me!” I tried to explain that I was stuck in a traffic jam and couldn\'t text, but it didn’t work. Here’s what I said: \xa0“Please Mrs. X, I was stuck in a traffic jam and that\'s why I am late. Have I ever said I don\'t want to meet with you? And if I didn\'t why have I bothered to arrive at all, I mean I could have just not arrived if I didn\'t want to meet you!" After I said that she stormed off. I am afraid I could agree with her idea that I didn\'t really want to meet with her, because the truth was I did want to meet but couldn\'t help being late. I could agree with something that was not real to me and if I did try to agree, I would be lying to her. Please help me, David and Rhonda! Thanks for tuning in, and keep the great questions coming! David and Rhonda | New Ask David Questions  Kelly asks: Would love to hear a podcast about to use or not to use touch in therapy. I personally feel touch is extremely helpful (what is more natural than to hug or put a hand on someone hurting), however I believe our profession has become so “professionalized” that is leaves out such a power act of healing. Did you ever use touch when you were practicing, and do you feel it is appropriate? Against Machines Taking Over asks: You say that depression always results from distorted thoughts. But the sadness that results from a failure, rejection, or disappointment is not distorted. Can you explain a bit more about this? Against Machines Taking Over also asks: Is there something you used to advocate for before but then you changed your mind? Eduardo asks: How do you treat hypochondriasis. Almost all articles and advices I\'ve read for hypochondriasis try to cover the writer\'s back by first and foremost telling you that you should get yourself checked for real causes for your concern. Eduardo also asks: I\'ve been struggling with anxiety, and after reading When Panic Attacks, I got very interested in giving The Hidden Emotion model a try, but it seems to be structure-less. It seems to require a lot of detective work with no clear sheet or procedure. It\'s just Detective Work, and then do something about it. Is there some newer technique to dig into what\'s eating you?  | In today\'s podcast, Rhonda and I interview the incredibly brilliant, funny, and creative Amy Spector.\xa0Amy is a licensed marriage and family therapist and credentialed school counselor with over a decade of experience working with adolescents and their families. She is passionate about providing school-based mental health services and advocates for legislation to mandate universal mental health care for youth. Amy works with "at risk" teenagers at Vicente High School in Martinez, California. This\xa0is a continuation high school, as well as teens at Briones School, an independent study school. Her students are credit deficient\xa0and\xa0at risk of not graduating from high school. Nearly all have experienced significant trauma and most are severely depressed, anxious and angry when first referred to Amy, and some have suicidal thoughts or urges as well. Although you might think that this would be an exceptionally challenging, oppositional, and frustrating group to work with, Amy has had tremendous success treating these teenagers with TEAM-CBT. She measures symptom severity at the start and end of every session, just as we do with adults, and often reports a phenomenal reduction of 60% in depression and anxiety in a single, 30-minute therapy session. Although this may be hard, or even impossible, to believe, it is real, and you\'ll see why when you listen to this amazing interview. Amy\'s secret involves a combination of superb E = Empathy skills to form a meaningful relationship, along with A = Paradoxical Agenda Setting to reduce resistance, followed by truly creative applications of M = Methods. And, of course, she does T = Testing with every student at every session, and  plots her effectiveness over time. Amy describes her work with a severely anxious young man with artistic skills, who drew an "Anxiety Hero" figure who saves the world by worrying constantly about every little thing, plus a "Chilled Out" figure who never worries and ends up getting hit by a bus. In other words, Amy skillfully emphasized the many BENEFITS of the young\'s man\'s constant anxiety, as well as the downside of getting cured. This paradoxically boosted his motivation, and he improved rapidly. This is prototypical TEAM, which is difficult for many therapists to learn, because therapists are so used to, and addicted to, "helping." Amy has developed expertise in aligning with the resistance of her students. paradoxically, she ends up on the same page, and this allows some awesome TEAMwork to emerge. Amy, Rhonda and David talk about the idea of teaching TEAM through creative innovations, with many examples of games Amy has created. For example, she created a game with another one of our fabulous TEAM-CBT therapists, Brandon Vance, MD, which can be played with teens and adults, called "Tune In / Tune Up." This game provides a really fun way to learn the 5-Secrets of Effective Communication. If you\'re interested, you can check it out at \xa0www.gamefulmind.com. Amy and her students have also created a podcast that you might want check out. Although I (David) have been primarily an adult shrink, I have really enjoyed working with teenagers as well. A few years back, I tested hundreds of juveniles who had been arrested in California, many for violent crimes, including murder, at the request of the probation department, using my Brief Mood Survey to find out how depressed, anxious, suicidal, and angry the kids were. Toward the end of the podcast, I describe what happened when I was invited to visit two groups of incarcerated gang members at the Juvenile Hall in San Mateo, California to find out how they felt about the tests I administered, and to get their take on the causes of so much teen violence. I think you\'ll find this episode to be fun, funny, and inspiring! Amy is a strong advocate for including mental health training in high schools, and her experience illustrates the enormous potential for  rapid and profound mental health growth and learning in teens. If you would like to contact Amy, she can be reached at babyfreud@gmail.com. \xa0 \xa0', 'chan_desc': 'This podcast features David D. Burns MD, author of "Feeling Good, The New Mood Therapy," describing powerful new techniques to overcome depression and anxiety and develop greater joy and self-esteem. For therapists and the general public alike!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/85/8e/d1/858ed1f3-b465-d095-626b-528295538e53/mza_2770538403680639707.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-10-27'}}

{'New Mindset, Who Dis?': {'title': 'New Mindset, Who Dis?', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/New-Mindset%2C-Who-Dis%3F-id1269515', 'num_comments': 16, 'author': 'Case Kenny', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 3293, 'play_count': 77947, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny', 'https://instagram.com/case.kenny'], 'ep_total': 155, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:17:50', 1], ['2019-10-03', '00:21:17', 2], ['2019-09-30', '00:24:59', 1], ['2019-09-26', '00:48:44', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:20:17', 1], ['2019-09-19', '00:23:59', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:21:46', 1], ['2019-09-12', '00:24:36', 2], ['2019-09-09', '00:19:21', 1], ['2019-09-05', '00:24:41', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'In this episode I talk about a powerful mindset that stops you from settling, overthinking and talking yourself out what you want in life. I talk about the power of simply stating what you want in life instead of rationalizing whether or not you deserve it.\xa0 Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this episode I talk about a mindset that will seriously change how you look at the bad, frustrating and stressful things in your life. This mindset will remind you that those things serve a purpose and showcase the power of balance in life - good vs. bad, confidence vs. doubt, love vs. rejection.\xa0 Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this episode I talk about how to build real big d*ck energy. I talk about how anyone (literally anyone) can build this - regardless of their success, resume or looks. I talk about how having BDE comes down to one thing - being secure in being insecure. Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this special episode I sit down with Nick Viall (The Bachelor) and we talk all things mindset when it comes to dating and relationships. We talk about how to get in a frame of mind where you\'re open and vulnerable but also strong-willed and particular when it comes to dating. Is timing everything? What should you do if you\'re losing hope? How can you be confident you\'re making the right decisions?\xa0 Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this episode I talk about how we should all make ourselves unavailable to bullsh*t. I talk about how to control your energy by not reacting to things and people that simply do not deserve a reaction. I talk about the power of saying "okey dokey" and moving on. Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this episode I talk about the power that comes with simplifying your life. I talk about the easiest way to start letting go of people, places, habits, jobs, and experiences that no longer serve you. It\'s time to say "thank u, next" more often. Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this episode I talk about why you need to set an intention for your life and then say it out loud. Literally. If you\'re not living with intention and you haven\'t made it real, what are you living for? This is a simple but powerful thing to do.\xa0 Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this episode I talk about what it means to tell your ego to shut up and instead trust your heart for once. Trust me when I say that understanding the difference between your ego and heart (aka when you "step up") will change your life. Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this special episode, I take you through a short guided meditation designed to prove to you that you have a superpower in your heart that you can tap into at any time and be happy. You can find joy in this moment - no matter what is happening in your life right now. Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny | In this episode I talk about HOW.TO.OPEN.UP. This is such a HUGE and powerful mindset - being soft, vulnerable and sensitive by opening yourself up and being real. I talk about how the best way to start opening up is to "let your freak flag fly" and what this means. Follow me on Instagram: @case.kenny https://www.instagram.com/case.kenny', 'chan_desc': "Hi, I’m Case Kenny (@case.kenny on Instagram) and I firmly believe that the world belongs to those with perspective.Join me Mondays and Thursdays.  It’s a different kind of podcast. Episodes are short (less than 20 minutes), no gurus, no fluff and no preaching of generic life advice… just my short but real and relatable thoughts on self-help, wellness, and mindsets with practical and personal insights into how to live a passionate, purposeful and happy life. Let's go. Time to think bigger.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/a7/85/61/a78561ae-aa93-8f5a-6532-ffed1112918a/mza_671427873456992783.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-05-11'}}

{'The Connected Life': {'title': 'The Connected Life', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Connected-Life-id1828205', 'num_comments': 6, 'author': 'Justin and Abi Stumvoll', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 618, 'play_count': 11049, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.abistumvoll.com'], 'ep_total': 41, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '01:00:33', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:45:38', 0], ['2019-09-23', '01:05:18', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:52:21', 0], ['2019-09-09', '01:13:48', 0], ['2019-09-02', '01:14:19', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:59:23', 1], ['2019-08-19', '01:14:28', 0], ['2019-08-12', '00:40:02', 0], ['2019-08-05', '00:54:15', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': "Having the courage to take ownership for our life, and the mistakes we make, is difficult for many of us. Justin’s mom, Barbara, had to decide between taking ownership for her failings or lose the relationship with him altogether. In this episode Justin and Barb candidly share about the conversations and confrontations they had over the course of almost a decade. Between blow-ups, melt-downs, and bawl-your-eyes-out moments, they chose to risk big and dig deep. Because they both had the courage to get honest, take ownership, listen well, and forgive greatly, they were able to find healing and restoration. Through their process of trial by fire, wisdom and practical tools emerged that couldn’t have been discovered any other way. Get ready for a richly packed redemption episode as we delve into part two of a mother and son’s healing story. | The relationship between a parent and a child is a special one. If you’ve ever been a parent or a child, then you know how easily things can get messy! Continuing with The Mother Series, we have a special guest, Barbara Stumvoll, Justin’s mom with us!\xa0 Join us as we dive into the painful history of Justin and his Mom’s relationship and how after decades of brokenness they managed to do the hard work to heal their relationship. If you’ve ever personally struggled with “mother issues” or working through problems with your kids,\xa0 then you’ll want to tune to this insightful, heart to heart discussion. Listen closely as they model how to take ownership for themselves and display understanding and compassion for each other. This is a miracle over a decade in the making that you won’t want to miss. | For many of us, parents can be a sensitive subject. As children our desire is to be loved and nurtured, but for some, that doesn’t always feel like the reality of what happened. When parents are involved in creating pain, it can sometimes be easier to look at our past through rose-tinted glasses. Getting honest with ourselves can sometimes be the most heartbreaking part of our journey. A mother’s love and care is key to the development of any child. For some, however, that love and care can be absent, or sometimes feel toxic. In a season of popping denial, Abi takes an honest look at her childhood and how her mother’s life of prescription drug addiction and mental sickness actually impacted her well being. Join Justin and Abi in this incredibly raw and vulnerable episode as Abi shares, tears and all, about her journey of processing through the pain of loosing a mother that was seemingly never there. \xa0 Also, be sure to check out www.justinandabi.com\xa0to learn more about The Father Series. | For many people, understanding a woman’s sex drive could be considered more valuable than a diamond mine! A woman’s sex drive can even seem as mysterious to a woman as it is to a man. Often times, men find themselves guessing what women want in the bedroom, and that kind of pressure can seriously kill the mood. What if we told you that there was a road map that nobody talks about? Whether women want to admit it or not, one of the keys to that secret map are hormones! Understanding the role hormones play in the bedroom can make or break intimacy. In this episode Abi and Justin are joined by Pietze as they shamelessly talk about the power of hormones and how they affect sex. For all the singles out there, this dose of hormonal reality is the perfect foundation for a future healthy relationship. If you’re married and want a better sex life, this episode is a must! | It takes real guts to ride a 1,500 pound enraged bull, but the world of Professional Bull Riding is a full of gritty men ready to risk it all! In this episode Justin is joined by former Professional Bull Rider Todd Pierce. Todd travels the world breaking the “unbreakable” horses through a radical display of patience, understanding, and love. After decades of doing the impossible, Todd found himself “bucked off his horse,” on Justin’s couch, facing a beast much bigger than a bull. Through a courageous act of risk, Todd went head to head with some of his most painful emotions and came out a bigger champion than ever before. Get ready for a wild ride as Justin and Todd jump into Todd’s story of breaking horses and how that was a picture of his own breaking he had yet to experience. This episode will amaze you and inspire you to get back up after life has bucked you to the ground. | For many of us, we carry secrets that seem too dark for anyone to understand. We carry this heaviness until is crushes us or we explode. Here in this darkness, crippling lies slowly wear us down, leaving us suffering in isolation. September is Suicide awareness month. Suicide is one of the most difficult and scary subjects for people to openly address. In this episode Justin and Abi vulnerably tackle their own war with suicide. In a world of silence, this episode is meant to be a conversation starter that sheds light on one of the darkest and heaviest battles that many unknowingly suffer through on a daily basis. If you’ve never felt suicidal, listening to and sharing this episode is the first step in creating an environment safe for loved ones to open up about their secret challenges. September is the perfect time to start open dialogues. Please partner with us throughout the month in hopes of saving lives. | For most of us, we want to feel inspired day to day and we often dream of living a life full of adventure. Unfortunately, the reality is often a life that feels boring and uninspired. The hurdles to this type of excitement are often wrapped into a simple question such as, “How do I practically implement inspiration and thrill into my life?” In this episode we hear from Lauren, one of our favorite friends, about how she learned to buck the norm, let go of the reigns, and live wildly out of control! Join us as Lauren shares how she suddenly and drastically changed her life by quitting her accounting job and moving to Africa. She opens up as to why she’s chosen to continue taking risks and how she practically lives a lifestyle of excitement. If you’re in need of a pick-me-up, or want to be challenged to live a life full of wonder, then you won’t want to miss this episode! | Self-sufficiency and the victim mentality often keep us from experiencing true freedom. It’s all too easy to fall into the trap of self-protection when people in our lives hurt and disappoint us. Unfortunately, there isn’t a lot of conversation about exactly HOW to work through trauma, past pain, and move towards wholeness and freedom. Join Justin and special guest Chris Cook as they share their deeply personal experiences with trauma and PTSD. Get ready to hear how they fought their way out through learning healthy coping mechanisms, facing their greatest fears, and choosing not to do the journey alone. If you’ve ever felt stuck in painful circumstances or like you have to keep it all together on your own, then do not miss this episode! Freedom is just around the corner! | For most of us, family vacations can be a tricky time to navigate. They’re often chock full of triggers and past pain that hasn’t been resolved. Often times, it can be difficult to let our walls down long enough to feel known and free amidst our siblings, parents, and relatives. So how do we go from surviving family vacations to thriving in them? Join Justin and Abi on their own vacation as they drive through Glacier National Park and discuss Justin’s fresh explosion with his dad. They’ll share important insights as to why honesty is the biggest key that will affect change within families and why purposely validating the child in you is so important. You don’t want to miss this incredibly vulnerable story or the profoundly impactful and healing moment that followed! | We’ve all been guilty of venting about the negative things that happen in our lives and rarely verbalizing the positive aspects. This can be especially harmful when it comes to romance. Everything is butterflies and rainbows in the beginning of a new relationship. We gush non-stop about every little thing our partner does. Soon life gets real and things aren't so peachy any longer. This can leave us frustrated, complaining, and wondering what happened to the romance. Why is this? We’re so glad you asked! Join us on The Connected Life as we dig into the 3 stages of love and the 7 themes that feed and fuel romance in a relationship! \xa0 And don't forget to head over to\xa0www.justinandabi.com\xa0to learn more about THE FATHER SERIES!", 'chan_desc': 'The Connected Life is a thought-provoking conversation about all the beautiful and messy ups and downs of life. Join Life Consultants Justin & Abi Stumvoll as they share vulnerable stories and practical wisdom that will lead you on a journey of connecting with yourself, others, and the world right in front of you. Their authentic, no-BS style will make you laugh, challenge you to dig deep, face your fears, and inspire you to love yourself and others more.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/0b/d2/33/0bd23378-7959-cb94-7b22-aa17805201c4/mza_3752646699795374597.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-12-24'}}

{'Healing Broken Trust In Your Marriage After Infidelity': {'title': 'Healing Broken Trust In Your Marriage After Infidelity', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Healing-Broken-Trust-In-Your-Marriage-After-Infidelity-id384025', 'num_comments': 8, 'author': 'Brad & Morgan Robinson', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1712, 'play_count': 29096, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/Healthy_Couples', 'https://healingbrokentrust.com/learnmore'], 'ep_total': 63, 'recent_eps': [['2019-02-26', '00:31:52', 0], ['2019-01-15', '00:27:24', 2], ['2018-05-08', '00:25:57', 5], ['2018-05-01', '00:15:54', 0], ['2018-04-24', '00:59:29', 3], ['2018-04-17', '00:13:49', 2], ['2018-04-10', '00:33:37', 5], ['2018-04-06', '00:21:58', 1], ['2017-12-26', '00:21:02', 0], ['2017-12-08', '00:26:35', 3]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Brad discusses what happens when the betrayer opens up and is vulnerable with the partner they\'ve hurt.\xa0 How this can affect the future of the relationship. Find additional resources at healingbrokentrust.com | After an affair is discovered many people find it difficult to understand why the betrayal happened.\xa0 In Episode 63 Brad and Morgan discuss some of the challenges to healing.\xa0 They outline how shock and trauma affects the way understanding the affair is interpreted.\xa0 How the big why and little whys make a difference in healing after the affair is discovered.\xa0 How the level of pain affects the number of questions asked.\xa0 Also, here’s the link to the resource mentioned in the podcast join.smartcouplesacademy.com The Healing Broken Trust Quick Start Guide allows you to click “preview” in order to download the free resources associated with past episodes. | If you’re tired of feeling stuck, and you’re ready to take the next step, go healingbrokentrust.com. You can access additional resources there and even apply to work with Brad virtually from anywhere in the world on a weekly basis. That’s healingbrokentrust.com. | This episode we have a real "come to Jesus meeting"....we constantly hear people say that their situation must be the worst situation that we\'ve ever heard...they\'re surprised when we share what we share in this episode. Want 1-on-1 help from the comfort of your own home? Visit healingbrokentrust.com | In this episode we cover the 5 stages of grief in our relationship when we\'ve experienced hardships. When we are hurt or when our relationship experiences a transition...sometimes for the worse...we grieve the change. But if you get the right help you can have a new and better relationship with your mate. But there are birthing pains sometimes when you\'re trying to bring about this new, better, version of you relationship. Learn more and schedule a coaching call with Brad by visiting healingbrokentrust.com | Two practical tips to getting unstuck in communication about the anything in your relationship Work with us personally weekly or for a retreat...go to healingbrokentrust.com | Are you stuck in self-deception? The answer might surprise you. If you\'d like extra help healing after betrayal go to healingbrokentrust.com | Part 3 is all about how Anthony and Stephanie finally overcame the affair Go to healingbrokentrust.com for more help | Anthony had to figure out how to cut off the affair partner even when she persisted. Listen to their story here. Join our free web class: https://healingbrokentrust.com/learnmore Learn more about our services: http://mymarriagecheckup.com/store \xa0 | After years of feeling their relationship was "okay" Stephanie found herself at a crossroads. Anthony admitted to an affair. They decided to work on the marriage but couldn\'t shake the affair partner. Even after moving state lines the affair partner was persistent! Listen to find out how they healed from broken trust. Learn more at healingbrokentrust.com Join the Smart Couples Academy Master Class @ healingbrokentrust.com', 'chan_desc': "In this podcast Brad & Morgan Robinson outline everything you need to know to heal after infidelity has wrecked your relationship.  If you want to heal after betrayal - whether you had an affair or multiple affairs or it was your partner who hurt you - this podcast is for you!  Each episode has a free download available at healingbrokentrust.com so you can work together to fully heal or you can work alone.  Either way you'll experience transformation!  Brad is a nationally recognized affair recovery expert and licensed marriage and family therapist.  He and his wife have helped thousands of couples heal after betrayal and save their family.  You can save your family and completely heal even after betrayal.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/90/48/fd/9048fde5-9b1a-b4bb-b2b2-aca4264520ce/mza_590152463398665155.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-09-19'}}

{'Being Well with Dr. Rick Hanson': {'title': 'Being Well with Dr. Rick Hanson', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Being-Well-with-Dr.-Rick-Hanson-id2098028', 'num_comments': 2, 'author': 'Rick Hanson Ph.D.', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1540, 'play_count': 33533, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.rickhanson.net/multimedia/being-well-podcast/'], 'ep_total': 125, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:43:27', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:02:07', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:49:23', 1], ['2019-09-23', '00:55:02', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:29:36', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:04:03', 1], ['2019-09-10', '00:27:20', 0], ['2019-09-02', '00:33:46', 0], ['2019-08-29', '00:02:19', 0], ['2019-08-26', '00:44:06', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Dr. Hanson and Forrest explore how we can be surrounded by other people, and still feel alone. They cover the genetic and developmental roots of loneliness, and how loneliness can creep into even our most connected, important relationships.During our ongoing series on “Who Am I,” we’ve explored psychological conditions of various kinds – many of which are stigmatized and pathologized. You can find them in the DSM - the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, which is the primary diagnostic tool published by the American Psychiatric Association.It’s worth noting that there are a lot of very unpleasant parts of life that no reasonable person would categorize as “disorders.” For instance, there’s no DSM entry for sadness or loneliness. Or frustration, rage, general lack of fulfillment, and so on. There’s a real risk sometimes of over-medicalizing perfectly normal parts of the human experience. Today we\'re focusing on one of those parts: feelings of loneliness.\xa0If you\'d like to start making real, positive changes to your brain and your life, but you don\'t have a lot of extra time, then you may want to check out Rick Hanson\'s new program: Just One Minute. Use the code BEINGWELL at checkout for 10% off the purchase price.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunes | Sometimes it\'s nice to have just one thing to focus on: a simple theme each week to reflect on and be inspired by. On this short episode, Dr. Jennie Rosier shares the most important thing she does, each day, for her own well-being.If you\'d like to start making real, positive changes to your brain and your life, but you don\'t have a lot of extra time, then you may want to check out Rick Hanson\'s new program: Just One Minute. Use the code BEINGWELL at checkout for 10% off the purchase price.Sign-up for Just One Thing from Dr. Rick Hanson here, and receive more simple practices for greater well-being.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunes | Attachment theory is one of the most influential frameworks in psychology for understanding how people behave in their relationships with others. In this episode, Forrest and Dr. Jennie Rosier explore what attachment theory is, how we can identify our attachment style, and what we can do to build a healthier relationship with our own style and that of others.Dr. Jennie Rosier is an Associate Professor of Communication Studies at James Madison University, the director of The Relationships, Love, & Happiness Project, and the author of two books: Make Love, Not Scrapbooks, and Finding the Love Guru in You. She focuses much of her teaching and research on the communication skills needed to maintain healthy romantic and parent-child relationships.Dr. Rosier\'s Adult Attachment SeriesIf you\'d like to start making real, positive changes to your brain and your life, but you don\'t have a lot of extra time, then you may want to check out Rick Hanson\'s new program: Just One Minute. Use the code BEINGWELL at checkout for 10% off the purchase price.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunesTimestamps:01:05: A summary of attachment theory.04:15: The attachment styles.08:26: What do these styles look like practically in relationship?17:08: How can people self-diagnose what their attachment style is?20:13: Can you attach yourself to different care-givers differently?26:22: Are any of these attachment styles more compatible with any of the other styles?31:46: What can someone do to work with their attachment style, or help their partner work with theirs?38:49: What do good communicators "look like" in these different attachment styles, as opposed to poor communicators?43:58: A message to her younger self.\xa0 | We all have something we KNOW we should do...but that doesn\'t mean we actually do it. On this episode Dr. Hanson, Forrest, and Dr. Judy Ho explore the roots of self-sabotage, the four key elements that fuel self-sabotaging behavior, and how we can use tools from cognitive therapy to overcome those behaviors.Dr. Judy Ho is a clinical and forensic neuropsychologist, and is Associate Professor of Psychology at Pepperdine University\'s Graduate School of Education and Psychology. She’s appeared as an expert contributor on over 100 shows, including Dr. Drew, CNN Tonight, and Outside the Lines, and co-hosts the CBS daytime talk show Face The Truth.Her new book is Stop Self-Sabotage: Six Steps to Unlock Your True Motivation, Harness Your Willpower, and Get Out of Your Own Way, It\'s one of the best explorations of the practical application of CBT we\'ve read - and it has our full recommendation.If you\'d like to start making real, positive changes to your brain and your life, but you don\'t have a lot of extra time, then you may want to check out Rick Hanson\'s new program: Just One Minute. Use the code BEINGWELL at checkout for 10% off the purchase price.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunesTimestamps:00:52: Why did you choose this particular topic?01:57: What are the evolutionary roots to self-sabotage?04:44: Primary ways people self-sabotage.09:59: Working with self-concept.13:13: The power of the "dreaded experience."15:40: Managing social fears.25:00: The roots of the six triggers.28:19: How to update your self-concept.33:00: How can we get better at learning.37:00: What’s the most important thing you do inside your own mind each day for your own well-being?40:13: When your virtues are not valued.45:41: If you could go back in time and tell yourself something, what would it be? | Today we\'re continuing our focus on bipolar disorder by exploring some tools and strategies that people can use to help manage their symptoms, or help loved ones do the same.This episode explores:Whether we can “cure” bipolar disorder.The difference between having an “episode” and having a “condition.”Approaching chemical interventions.Psychological and lifestyle strategies that can help manage symptoms.Dealing with situations where serious harm is a possibilityAs with all of the episodes in this series, please remember that bipolar disorder is best diagnosed by a licensed professional.Here\'s the Daylio app that was mentioned during this episode.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunesTimestamps:00:43: Is bipolar disorder considered curable?05:16: How can someone begin managing their bipolar symptoms?06:49: Is it possible to manage a manic episode?09:18: The power of establishing routines.10:50: Recognizing our vulnerabilities.15:05: Managing stress and exercising self-control.18:00: Shame, and recognizing our worth.21:00: Self-harm.28:00: Recap | Sometimes it\'s nice to have just one thing to focus on: a simple theme each week to reflect on and be inspired by. On this short episode, Marie Forleo shares the most important things she does, each day, for her own well-being.If you\'d like to start making real, positive changes to your brain and your life, but you don\'t have a lot of extra time, then you may want to check out Rick Hanson\'s new program: Just One Minute. Use the code BEINGWELL at checkout for 10% off the purchase price.Sign-up for Just One Thing from Dr. Rick Hanson here, and receive more simple practices for greater well-being.If you’d like to purchase Marie\'s new book, Everything is Figureoutable, just follow this link.Find more from Marie at MarieTV and the Marie Forleo Podcast.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunes | Today we had the pleasure of speaking with Marie Forleo, named by Oprah as a thought leader for the next generation. She’s the star of MarieTV and host of The Marie Forleo Podcast, and has spent time with a who’s who of thought-leaders and personal development experts, including Tony Robbins, Richard Branson, and Brene Brown.On this episode Forrest, Dr. Rick Hanson, and Marie explore how we can build a "figureoutable" mindset that allows us to meet our challenges from a place of determination, ingenuity, and openheartedness.If you’d like to purchase Marie\'s new book, Everything is Figureoutable, just follow this link.Find more from Marie at MarieTV and the Marie Forleo Podcast.If you\'d like to start making real, positive changes to your brain and your life, but you don\'t have a lot of extra time, then you may want to check out Rick Hanson\'s new program: Just One Minute. Use the code BEINGWELL at checkout for 10% off the purchase price.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunesTimestamps:00:55: Where the idea behind Everything is Figureoutable came from.07:27: What do you mean by, “figureoutable?”12:36: For those who don’t have it so easy in life right now, what would you suggest practically for them so they can move into that “figureoutable” mindset?15:36: Practices for managing fear.23:13: What Marie would say to a younger version of herself. | Dr. Hanson and Forrest continue their ongoing series on “Who Am I” by focusing on a subset of the depressed mood states which we covered in our last episode in this series: bipolar disorder, formerly known as “manic depressive.”This episode explores:What distinguishes bipolar disorder from “typical” clinical depression?The different types of bipolar disorder.The range of symptoms that might accompany bipolar.What bipolar disorder “looks like” in an everyday sense.Depression and depressed mood are major problems for many people, and the material we’re going to get into today will be sensitive in nature. If things start to feel uncomfortable, feel free to skip around or turn it off altogether. As with all of the episodes in this series, please remember that bipolar disorder is best diagnosed by a trained mental health professional.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunesTimestamps:01:30: What distinguishes bipolar disorder from clinical depression?05:07: Is there a reason why the name “Manic Depressive” was changed to “Bipolar Disorder”?06:59: What are some of the diagnostic criteria for a manic episode?14:46: The different kinds of bipolar disorder.23:36: What bipolar disorder looks like day-to-day. | Sometimes it\'s nice to have just one thing to focus on: a simple theme each week to reflect on and be inspired by. On this short episode, Dr. Ramani shares the most important thing she does, each day, for her own well-being.Sign-up for Just One Thing from Dr. Rick Hanson here, and receive more simple practices for greater well-being.If you\'d like to start making real, positive changes to your brain and your life, but you don\'t have a lot of extra time, then you may want to check out Rick Hanson\'s new program: Just One Minute. Use the code BEINGWELL at checkout for 10% off the purchase price. | Today we have the pleasure of speaking with a true expert on many of the topics we’ve exploring during our series on “Who Am I?”, including borderline personality disorder, sociopathy, and narcissism: Dr. Ramani Durvasula.Dr. Ramani is a licensed clinical psychologist, author, and expert on the impact of toxic narcissism. She is a Professor of Psychology at California State University, Los Angeles, and also a Visiting Professor at the University of Johannesburg.She is the author of Should I Stay or Should I Go: Surviving a Relationship With a Narcissist, and her new book, DON’T YOU KNOW WHO I AM? How to Stay Sane in an Era of Narcissism, Entitlement and Incivility will be coming out October 1st.Today we explored a range of topics with Dr. Ramani including:What distinguishes true NPD from someone just “being a jerk.”Techniques for interacting with “10% narcissists” more effectively.The importance of drawing clear boundaries.The different places narcissism can come from, and the different ways we can interact with different kinds of narcissists.Working with narcissism inside of our cultural framework.If you would like to learn more about Dr. Hanson\'s new online program Neurodharma, follow this link! Use the code BEINGWELL for 10% off the purchase price.Connect with the show:Visit us on the webFollow us on InstagramFollow Rick on FacebookFollow Forrest on FacebookSubscribe on iTunesTimestamps:02:01: Where did your interest in narcissism come from?04:27: The difference between someone who truly has NPD and someone who is just a jerk.07:05: What is it like to be on the receiving end of someone who’s a narcissist?09:04: Advice for those in a relationship with someone with narcissistic tendencies.15:56: The different places narcissism can come from, and the different ways we can respond to each type.26:41: What can we do to avoid acquiring narcissistic traits, and how can we help our friends manage these traits more effectively?30:43: Human evolution, social pressure, and narcissism.41:07: If you could go back in time and tell yourself one thing, what would you say?', 'chan_desc': 'Welcome to Being Well with bestselling author Dr. Rick Hanson! On this podcast we’ll learn how to increase our everyday happiness, build inner strengths, and get the most out of life.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/93/86/20/938620cf-5299-92b3-824a-a909267e6bb9/mza_590572873166378163.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-06-03'}}

{'Therapy Chat': {'title': 'Therapy Chat', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Therapy-Chat-id7392', 'num_comments': 9, 'author': 'Laura Reagan LCSW-C', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 5434, 'play_count': 91323, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/TherapyChatPod', 'http://therapychatpodcast.com'], 'ep_total': 205, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-27', '00:08:46', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:51:40', 0], ['2019-09-05', '00:37:55', 1], ['2019-08-30', '00:18:57', 4], ['2019-08-22', '00:52:58', 3], ['2019-08-15', '00:41:40', 2], ['2019-08-08', '00:30:50', 1], ['2019-08-01', '00:54:28', 4], ['2019-07-26', '00:32:05', 5], ['2019-07-18', '00:56:36', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! It\'s a short solo episode from Laura today as she returns from her summer break and discusses recent milestones she has come to both personally and professionally.\xa0 Resources Leave me a message via Speakpipe by going to https://therapychatpodcast.com and clicking on the green Speakpipe button. Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to  go to iTunes and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. You can also download the Therapy Chat app on iTunes  by clicking here. | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan revisits an earlier episode speaking with\xa0Sharon Martin, LCSW. Sharon is a licensed therapist, counselor, and mental health and wellness writer based in San Jose, CA. She has spent 20 years providing counseling, therapy, and clinical supervision. Sharon has built a specialized private practice that reflects her belief that you matter, and you can love yourself, heal, be empowered, speak your truth, and create a life you love. Listen for Sharon’s incredible insights on life, well-being and much more! Resources https://livewellwithsharonmartin.com Visit Therapy Chat website at Http://therapychatpodcast.com and send host Laura Reagan a voice message letting her know what you think of Therapy Chat! Did you like this episode? Did you dislike it? Let her know! Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to go to iTunes and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0 | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan revisits an earlier episode speaking with\xa0Deirdre Fay, MSW, LICSW, who integrates trauma and attachment theory with yoga and meditation in embodiment.\xa0 The work she does arises out of her life. What she knows is grounded in her own healing as well as rigorous training as a psychotherapist looking for answers and ways to help others navigate the often-difficult terrain of healing trauma and attachment wounds. Deirdre knows what it’s like to make that journey. She did it dealing with her own history of trauma and as she searched for answers to relational and attachment issues. During the course of her life, she was lucky to have lived for six years in a spiritual community [Kripalu Center for Yoga and Health] which surrounded her with a nurturing environment. That experience grounded Deirdre in her commitment to finding ways to help other people. The Becoming Safely Embodied Skills were born during those years and came to fruition as she worked with trauma survivors in Boston both in her private practice and in hospital settings. She wanted to develop easy to apply take home skills that people could use when they weren’t in therapy. Resources https://dfay.com Visit Therapy Chat website at Http://therapychatpodcast.com and send host Laura Reagan a voice message letting her know what you think of Therapy Chat! Did you like this episode? Did you dislike it? Let her know! Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to go to iTunes and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0 | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan revisits an earlier episode,\xa0expanding more on trauma, what you think it is: and what you can do if you have experienced it. If you listened to episode 195 with Dr. Gabor Maté, you’ll be interested in this episode, in that episode we defined what trauma was, but there is still confusion around what trauma is, so I hope this episode will help in explaining further what trauma is and the issues around it. When you hear the word "trauma," what do you think of? If you\'re like most people, you probably imagine that people experience the effects of trauma after a plane crash, surviving a fire, a major car accident, or participating in military combat. It\'s true that all of those things can cause someone to experience trauma symptoms, but there are many other traumatic experiences which are more common in the general population that we don\'t always recognize as being traumatic. I must point out, though, that I have talked to many people who have survived house fires or military combat. Most often when I describe that these experiences - which you and I can pretty much agree, can we not, are considered by most people to be experiences fitting the definition of trauma - could have been traumatic, the person sitting with me in the therapy room will say, "I don\'t really think of it as traumatic. I mean, so many people have been through much worse." There is a reason why that statement is so interesting, which I explain in the podcast… Enjoy! Resources Episode 79: Childhood Traumatic Stress: The Mind-Body Connection  http://directory.libsyn.com/episode/index/show/baltimoreannapolispsychotherapypodcast/id/5241791 Episode 25: What Is Childhood Emotional Neglect? -  https://www.laurareaganlcswc.com/connectwithyourtrueselfblog/2016/3/21/therapy-chat-podcast Visit Therapy Chat website at Http://therapychatpodcast.com and send host Laura Reagan a voice message letting her know what you think of Therapy Chat! Did you like this episode? Did you dislike it? Let her know! Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to go to iTunes and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0 | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan revisits an earlier episode speaking to\xa0Amy Sugeno, LCSW. Amy is a clinical social worker in private practice who specializes in working with survivors of trauma related to attachment, particularly related to adoption. Amy explains how attachment trauma can affect children who were adopted, even if the adoption went as smoothly as it possibly could. She describes how children who have been adopted may act out behaviorally to tell their parents how they feel. Amy also talks about a surprising way adoptive parents (and others parenting traumatized children) may experience trauma themselves and how to recognize the symptoms. She and Laura discuss how prior difficulty with conceiving a child can contribute to the experience for parents, how the parent’s own attachment style and trauma history is “churned up” through the process of adoption. She describes how adoption can change relationships within a family and between the family and their community. She explains some of the non-verbal ways of processing trauma that she uses with her clients. Amy describes Nature as her “co-therapist.” She tells listeners how to get on her mailing list and offers opportunities to hear her speak around the country. Resources: \xa0 http://www.amysugenocounseling.com\xa0 Download  the free Therapy Chat app here\xa0 (ios only)  Please consider supporting Therapy Chat by becoming a member on\xa0Patreon! Just $1 a month would make a huge impact to keep Therapy Chat going strong! To learn more head to -\u202fhttps://patreon.com/TherapyChat\xa0where members get special perks and swag too!\xa0   Leave me a message via\xa0Speakpipe\xa0by going to\xa0https://therapychatpodcast.com\xa0and clicking on the green\xa0Speakpipe\xa0button.\xa0   Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to\xa0go to iTunes\xa0and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. You can also download the Therapy Chat app on iTunes\xa0by clicking here.\xa0   Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0  | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan revisits an earlier episode speaking to. Gabor Maté. Dr. Maté is the co-founder of Compassion for Addiction, a new non-profit that focuses on addiction. He is also an advisor of Drugs over Dinner. As an author, Dr. Maté has written several bestselling books including the award-winning In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction; When the Body Says No: The Cost of Hidden Stress; and Scattered Minds: A New Look at the Origins and Healing of Attention Deficit Disorder, and co-authored Hold on to Your Kids. His works have been published internationally in twenty languages. For twelve years Dr. Maté worked in Vancouver’s Downtown Eastside with patients challenged by hard-core drug addiction, mental illness and HIV, including at Vancouver’s Supervised Injection Site. With over 20 years of family practice and palliative care experience and extensive knowledge of the latest findings of leading-edge research, Dr. Maté is a sought-after speaker and teacher, regularly addressing health professionals, educators, and lay audiences throughout North America. In the fall of 2017, Dr. Maté will be launching a brand new website offering online courses in his various areas of expertise. The first course will be a training program for health professionals working with people with addiction. Dr. Maté explains the connection between childhood traumatic stress at any point in development - even in utero - and mental and physical health and well-being. Beyond a discussion of ACES, he describes the causes of illness and how trauma fits in. Did you know that ADD/ADHD, MS, Prostate cancer, ALS (Lou Gehrig\'s Disease) and many other diseases, as well as addictions of all kinds are linked to trauma? Gabor\'s books, In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts, Scattered, and When the Body Says No go into depth with the research to support his assertions. Resources: https://drgabormate.com https://www.compassion4addiction.org https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66cYcSak6nE\xa0(Ted Talk) Article Dr. Maté referenced: "An Integrated Scientific Framework for Child Survival and Early Childhood Development" from Pediatrics, February 2012, Vol 129, Issue 2. Download  the free Therapy Chat app here\xa0 (ios only)  Please consider supporting Therapy Chat by becoming a member on\xa0Patreon! Just $1 a month would make a huge impact to keep Therapy Chat going strong! To learn more head to -\u202fhttps://patreon.com/TherapyChat\xa0where members get special perks and swag too!\xa0   Leave me a message via\xa0Speakpipe\xa0by going to\xa0https://therapychatpodcast.com\xa0and clicking on the green\xa0Speakpipe\xa0button.\xa0   Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to\xa0go to iTunes\xa0and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. You can also download the Therapy Chat app on iTunes\xa0by clicking here.\xa0   Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0  | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan revisits an earlier episode speaking to Tim Desmond about self-compassion.\xa0 Tim is a student of Zen master Thich Nhat Hahn who wrote a book called Self Compassion in Psychotherapy: Mindfulness-Based Practices for Healing and Transformation. Laura and Tim discuss how he became interested in self-compassion, how it has helped him, and how it can be used in psychotherapy.\xa0 Resources: http://www.timdesmond.net\xa0 http://www.morningsuncommunity.org\xa0 Download  the free Therapy Chat app here\xa0 (ios only)  Please consider supporting Therapy Chat by becoming a member on\xa0Patreon! Just $1 a month would make a huge impact to keep Therapy Chat going strong! To learn more head to -\u202fhttps://patreon.com/TherapyChat\xa0where members get special perks and swag too!\xa0   Leave me a message via\xa0Speakpipe\xa0by going to\xa0https://therapychatpodcast.com\xa0and clicking on the green\xa0Speakpipe\xa0button.\xa0   Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to\xa0go to iTunes\xa0and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. You can also download the Therapy Chat app on iTunes\xa0by clicking here.\xa0   Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0  | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan revisits an earlier episode speaking to Lisa Ferentz about Trauma.\xa0 What you’ll hear in this episode:  After 32 years in private practice, Lisa knows that trauma survivors use coping strategies such as eating disorders, addictions, self-mutilation, depression, anxiety, and relationship problems.\xa0 Lisa does consulting work for clinicians in the US and Canada; she has written two books and has two more in process. Early in her practice, Lisa realized how important it is to approach her work from the viewpoint of being a good student and learning from your clients. In the exciting world of therapy today, incredible connections are being made between trauma and the impact on the brain. Lisa advises that clinicians be more aware and mindful in working with the body in trauma work. Lisa explains “dual awareness,” meaning being aware of what’s happening in both the client’s and clinician’s body during therapy. Lisa explains the “vasovagal zone” of the body and tracking sensations in the area that houses 80% of emotions. Trauma is stored visually and viscerally, and can present with actual physical pain, such as:   Limb pain Fibromyalgia Chronic migraines Stomach/GI upset Fatigue\xa0   One technique is to start with the body and work your way into words to deal with trauma. Movement and expressive arts can also be used in trauma therapy. Simplistic art therapy strategies can open the door to visually-based modality when a client is unable to communicate with words. Lisa uses drawing, collaging, and sand tray art so a client can SHOW their narrative, share a memory, or process an emotion. Clinicians have to refrain from interpreting the client’s art for themselves. Lisa explains the stigma associated with borderline personality disorder as opposed to\xa0 identifying the same client as a “trauma survivor.” Lisa introduces her books: Treating Self-Destructive Behavior in Trauma Survivors: A Clinician’s Guide and Letting Go of Self-Destructive Behaviors: A Workbook of Hope and Healing. One is for clinicians and one is for laypeople. In treating trauma survivors, you have to give them new tools to replace self-destructive behavior—other ways to self-soothe and regulate their pain. Lisa explains why she doesn’t like standard safety contracts because they introduce a power struggle between client and therapist. “The goal is that trauma therapy doesn’t re-traumatize.” Lisa gives details about her Institute in Baltimore, in its 9th year of offering certification programs in Advanced Trauma Treatment, working with expressive modalities and traditional talk therapy. The Institute offers ethics training, from which 700 clinicians have already graduated. Her website includes a calendar of CEU training and the details about the Trauma Certificate Levels 1 & 2.  Resources: www.lisaferentz.com Download  the free Therapy Chat app here\xa0 (ios only)  Please consider supporting Therapy Chat by becoming a member on\xa0Patreon! Just $1 a month would make a huge impact to keep Therapy Chat going strong! To learn more head to -\u202fhttps://patreon.com/TherapyChat\xa0where members get special perks and swag too!\xa0   Leave me a message via\xa0Speakpipe\xa0by going to\xa0https://therapychatpodcast.com\xa0and clicking on the green\xa0Speakpipe\xa0button.\xa0   Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to\xa0go to iTunes\xa0and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. You can also download the Therapy Chat app on iTunes\xa0by clicking here.\xa0   Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0  | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan revisits an earlier episode speaking to Dr Jonice Webb about understanding childhood emotional neglect.\xa0 What you’ll hear in this episode:  The definition of Childhood Emotional Neglect: a parent’s failure to respond enough to the child’s emotional needs This condition is different from physical neglect and abuse. In her private practice, Dr. Jonice kept seeing patients with the same patterns. She has identified 12 different types of parenting styles that lead to Childhood Emotional Neglect. Children of CEN end up treating their children with the same patterns of behaviors, and no one really knows what’s wrong. Dr. Jonice has developed a questionnaire, designed for adults, to determine if you’ve been affected by this condition. Her book gives examples of what happens to a child with real-life vignettes. How to heal from CEN?   Fully recognize and accept that CEN happened. Welcome back and get in touch with walled-off emotions.   Dr. Webb wants to put together training for CEU’s for therapists who want to work on this specialty, but first, she wants to complete a research project to compile results. She is working on making a page on her website listing mental health providers who can work with people on CEN.  Resources: www.emotionalneglect.com or email her at jwebbphd@rcn.com Download  the free Therapy Chat app here\xa0 (ios only)  Please consider supporting Therapy Chat by becoming a member on\xa0Patreon! Just $1 a month would make a huge impact to keep Therapy Chat going strong! To learn more head to -\u202fhttps://patreon.com/TherapyChat\xa0where members get special perks and swag too!\xa0   Leave me a message via\xa0Speakpipe\xa0by going to\xa0https://therapychatpodcast.com\xa0and clicking on the green\xa0Speakpipe\xa0button.\xa0   Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to\xa0go to iTunes\xa0and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. You can also download the Therapy Chat app on iTunes\xa0by clicking here.\xa0   Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0  | Thank you to this episode\'s sponsor,\xa0TherapyNotes. Get a 2-month free trial of\u202fTherapyNotes\xa0by going to\xa0www.TherapyNotes.com\xa0and using the promo code\xa0TherapyChat.\xa0 Welcome back to Therapy Chat! In today\'s podcast host Laura Reagan speaks to\xa0Kathy Steele about structural dissociation.\xa0 Kathy Steele is a psychotherapist, consultant, trainer, and author. She practices in Atlanta, Georgia, working with complex psychological trauma, dissociation, attachment issues, therapeutic impasse, therapist self-care, and many other related topics in psychotherapy. Kathy has been in private practice since 1985, and with Metropolitan Psychotherapy Associates in Atlanta, Georgia since 1988. She was Clinical Director of Metropolitan Counseling Services, a non- profit psychotherapy and training center until 2016. Kathy received her undergraduate degree from the University of South Carolina in 1978, and completed her graduate work at Emory University in 1983. She is a Past President and Fellow of the International Society for the Study of Trauma and Dissociation (ISSTD), and has also served two terms on the Board of the International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies (ISTSS). Kathy served on the International Task Force that developed treatment guidelines for Dissociative Disorders, and on the Joint International Task Force that has developed treatment guidelines for Complex Posttraumatic Stress Disorder. She has received a number of awards for her work, including the 2010 Lifetime Achievement Award from ISSTD, an Emory University Distinguished Alumni Award in 2006, and the 2011 Cornelia B. Wilbur Award for Outstanding Clinical Contributions from ISSTD. Kathy is known for her humor, compassion, respect, and depth of knowledge as a clinician and teacher, and for her capacity to present complex issues in easily understood and clear ways. She is sought as a consultant and supervisor, and as an international lecturer on topics related to trauma, dissociation, attachment, and psychotherapy. She enjoys collaborating with colleagues around the world on clinical, educational, and research projects. Kathy has (co)authored numerous book chapters, peer reviewed journal articles, and three books with her colleagues. Resources: https://www.kathy-steele.com\xa0 Download  the free Therapy Chat app here\xa0 (ios only)  Please consider supporting Therapy Chat by becoming a member on\xa0Patreon! Just $1 a month would make a huge impact to keep Therapy Chat going strong! To learn more head to -\u202fhttps://patreon.com/TherapyChat\xa0where members get special perks and swag too!\xa0   Leave me a message via\xa0Speakpipe\xa0by going to\xa0https://therapychatpodcast.com\xa0and clicking on the green\xa0Speakpipe\xa0button.\xa0   Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat! Please be sure to\xa0go to iTunes\xa0and leave a rating and review, subscribe and download episodes. You can also download the Therapy Chat app on iTunes\xa0by clicking here.\xa0   Podcast produced by Pete Bailey -\u202fhttps://petebailey.net/audio\xa0 ', 'chan_desc': 'Laura Reagan, LCSW-C, Psychotherapist, Burnout Prevention Consultant and Certified Daring Way™ Facilitator interviews guests to discuss holistic and alternative approaches used in psychotherapy, counseling, coaching and healing sessions. Be a fly on the wall as therapists discuss the practice of psychotherapy and how they implement self care into their own lives to prevent therapist burnout. Conversations about mindfulness, self compassion, The Daring Way™, EMDR, art therapy, Sensorimotor Psychotherapy, other somatic methods, trauma, parenting, attachment will get you thinking deeply about therapy and the universal experience of being human, with all the joy and pain that entails.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/2d/90/91/2d9091c6-9985-65c2-56b2-6210a63a77e7/mza_168634667125685307.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-08-16'}}

{'The Addicted Mind Podcast': {'title': 'The Addicted Mind Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Addicted-Mind-Podcast-id1002066', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Duane Osterlind LMFT', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 765, 'play_count': 10468, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://theaddictedmind.com/'], 'ep_total': 71, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-24', '00:31:42', 1], ['2019-09-03', '00:28:45', 1], ['2019-08-15', '00:46:11', 1], ['2019-07-22', '00:26:40', 0], ['2019-07-08', '00:26:14', 1], ['2019-06-21', '00:31:05', 0], ['2019-06-07', '00:30:29', 0], ['2019-05-22', '00:46:26', 0], ['2019-05-02', '00:34:30', 0], ['2019-04-11', '00:22:53', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Dr. Ellie Katz has spent the past 35 years working in the area of addiction treatment, using her holistic approach and real talk with compassion to work with her clients. She joins us on this episode of the Addicted Mind podcast to discuss her experiences and observations about the field and about human nature. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> Ellie has been living in Israel for 40+ years and she began her career in psychological linguistics, but she always had a desire to help people directly. Even as an adolescent, people recognized her deep intuition about those around her, calling her the Earth Mother and coming to her for advice and guidance. Ever since she transitioned to helping people with their addiction treatment, her focus has been on helping her clients and their families sort through the irresistible urges that had been ruling the addicts’ bodies. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness Ellie went through a traumatic surgical procedure when she was 5 years old, which caused her to develop an addiction to food that her mother did not know how to handle. Having experienced these psychological ramifications of eating for several years, she can recognize where the addicts that come to her treatment facility are struggling. Patients spend between 7-12 months in the therapeutic rehab community where Ellie works, and she teaches them how to interact with each other and do the internal work necessary to heal the impacts of their addictions. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/71 She created a model that she calls “The Six Essentials”, which are building blocks for personal success: Some of them are good mood,\xa0 love, and kindness, discipline, flexibility, and forgiveness. Ellie is not afraid to call her clients out when she sees them say or do something that they said they wouldn’t say or do and she provides them with the support to help them change. She believes in caring for everyone without judgment because she recognizes that it could have just as easily been her struggling with the addiction. She wants the best for her clients who are really just wounded people in need of someone to help them pick themselves up and head in the right direction. Ellie wants everyone to know that as long as you are drawing breath, change is possible. \xa0 | Our guest on this episode of The Addicted Mind podcast is Leslie Cole, an addiction medicine physician at a clinic outside of Nashville, Tennessee, and author of the book “Quit Pain Pills.” Leslie spent the first 20 years of her medical career as an internist. The journey of self-discovery stemming from realizing she had been struggling with an eating disorder led her down a different path. She found hope and healing through recovery literature during that time. When an addiction clinic called her out of the blue to offer her a job, she knew that she had found her sweet spot, helping others find hope and healing. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> Leslie is a firm believer in providing an environment to patients where they feel welcomed, accepted, loved, and safe. People struggling with addiction are used to the shame heaped onto them from themselves and others, but they are not used to a provider listening to them without judgment. As a part of her clinic’s program, patients fill out an Adverse Childhood Event questionnaire, which is likely to indicate that they experienced Traumas (big T) and traumas (little t) as they were growing up that they had just accepted as normal. This experience at Leslie’s clinic may be the first time they realize how these traumatic events continue to impact them even in adulthood. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness  During Leslie’s recovery from an eating disorder, her therapist pointed out to her that the most important relationship in all of life is your relationship with yourself. This colors how to interact with others and with the world. This realization is the basis for Leslie’s approach with patients at the clinic because they probably don’t know how impactful this primary relationship is in their own life and recovery journey. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/70  In 2017, Leslie was diagnosed with breast cancer, which resulted in chemotherapy and a mastectomy. She found that during her battle with cancer, she received so much support and encouragement from those around her. When she went back to work at the clinic, she was struck by the stark contrast between how she had been treated as a cancer patient and how addiction patients are treated. This contrast prompted her to write her book, “Quit Pain Pills,” to provide hope without judgment and helpful resources to anyone struggling with addiction who has never been greeted with optimism by their family members, friends, or healthcare providers.  Leslie wants to make sure that everyone knows that you are not beyond help. You can always make a change, so give yourself every possible chance. | Cynthia Schmit is an advocate for medication-assisted treatment of addictions who would love to see healthcare providers informing their patients of all of the options for treating their addictions. On this episode of The Addicted Mind podcast, Cynthia talks with us about the physiology of addiction and the need for education regarding medication-assisted treatment. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> In her early 20’s, Cynthia found herself using every recreational drug that someone put into her hand, quickly progressing from marijuana to heroin and beyond. She found herself wanting to quit often, attempting to detox on her own at least 5 times before she completed a 28-day methadone detox and a 6-month 12-step recovery program. During her time in rehab, the knee-jerk reaction of providers was “you don’t treat drug addiction with drugs,.” Medication-assisted treatment was not presented as an option to her. She got married a few years into her recovery. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness She then moved to the east coast where she completed her bachelor’s degree in behavioral science and her master’s in social work at Columbia. While at Columbia, she started volunteering at the buprenorphine program, of which she eventually became the managing director. With her experience working with treatment providers and drug manufacturers, Cynthia came to understand precisely how drugs like buprenorphine and methadone can assist in treating drug addictions. Physiologically, consuming drugs is tied to the rewards circuitry of the brain, which was intended to support behaviors that support survival, such as eating. Drugs, of course, do not promote survival, but since they are tied to the rewards center of the brain, the brain develops a belief that they are necessary for survival, which is why withdrawals are so difficult and painful. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/69 This is why medication-assisted treatment can be so effective in immediately providing moments of clarity to individuals who are addicted as well as helpful in avoiding potential relapses. Every person is different, and Cynthia’s goal is to have every healthcare provider and treatment center educated about all of the options available for individuals’ treatment plans so they can make the best decisions and recommendations for each patient. This involves the proper way to use medications like buprenorphine as well as how to effectively get off of those medications if and when the time comes. Cynthia wants everyone to know that there is hope. Advocate for yourself by being well-informed and committing to putting in the work necessary to get into and remain in recovery. You are worth recovery. | On this episode of The Addicted Mind podcast, Duane interviews Dr. Ursula Whiteside, a clinician, researcher, and trainer in the area of suicide prevention. Ursula struggled with her suicidal thoughts throughout her life, and in 1999, she moved to Washington state to learn from Marsha Linehan, the creator of DBT (dialectical behavior therapy). Suicide is the 2nd leading cause of death in some age groups and is more prevalent than car accidents, homicides, and breast cancer. Beyond these statistics, it is estimated that 10 million Americans every year have suicidal ideation. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> The exciting thing is that this overwhelming emotional crisis that can lead to suicidal ideation is not sustainable in the brain for more than 48 hours. So while people are within this timeframe, it often feels like things will always be this bad and that there is no hope. While it might not be helpful for them to think that they might feel this way for a couple of days, it might be beneficial for them to know that they will only feel this way for a couple of days at most. When Ursula talks with someone amid their suicidal ideation, she tells them to wait until this suicidal period passes before deciding to act on their ideation. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness There are a few simple things that someone in an overwhelming emotional crisis can do: (1) try to describe what is happening, (2) practice mindfulness by being in touch with your emotions, and (3) submerge your face in cold water for 20 seconds at a time for 3-5 minutes. For friends and family members, it can be helpful to know how to respond to their loved one’s thoughts and feelings. The best way to support them is by listening to them, taking care of them, and just being there for them. Suicidal thoughts are not uncommon, especially during adolescence, and in addition to DBT and ongoing conversations with your physician, the Now Matters Now website is an excellent resource for learning how to cope with difficult emotions and how to get through an overwhelming emotional crisis step-by-step. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/68 Ursula wants everyone struggling with suicidal thoughts that you can make plans for things to be different. You don’t have to believe your thoughts, and you can reach out for help in navigating these. \xa0 | Our guest on this episode of the Addicted Mind podcast is Maureen Cavanagh, author, and founder of Magnolia New Beginnings. Maureen’s family had a long history of addiction, but since she was not personally prone to addiction, she thought that she knew the formula to help keep her kids away from addiction as well. However, her world was suddenly shaken when one of her daughters came to her to admit that she had been experimenting with heroin. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> Even living in an upper-middle-class neighborhood, opioids were not difficult for her daughter to find, and once she tried heroin for the first time, the road to sobriety and recovery proved to be steep. Just when Maureen thought her daughter had a handle on her addiction, it would rear its ugly head again, and she would see just how much of a hold it had on her precious child, who was now an adult. Maureen did what she believed any good parent would do: she dropped everything and rushed to her daughter’s aid, providing her with whatever she needed and paying for her to get into a treatment center again. She found out that her daughter had a “friend” who was providing her with the drugs, protecting her from her family when they came looking for her, and reviving her if and when she overdosed. Even with this barrier between them, Maureen knows of 13 times when her daughter was admitted to the hospital after an overdose, and at least 40 separate stints at treatment centers before something finally clicked. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness Maureen realized that she was on her journey during this time, which was intended to be separate from her daughter’s journey. The more Maureen tried to hold on and help her daughter get out of whatever situation she was in at the time, the farther away her daughter seemed to drift. However, when Maureen was able to let go and provide her daughter with some space, not jumping to her rescue but rather empowering her daughter to rescue herself, that was the moment when her daughter started getting better. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/67 Somewhere after treatment center #40, the rehab took, and for the past two years her daughter has been sober with the help of her family, her therapist, her recovery coach, and her community. Maureen went against her instinct to keep family business private when she was approached by a publishing agent about sharing her story, and the hundreds of people who have messaged her since the book came out are proof that the world needed to hear the truth about what it is like to be the parent of an addict. In addition to her book, Maureen provides resources and support groups through her non-profit, Magnolia New Beginnings, which is impacting tens of thousands of people. | Our guest on this episode of The Addicted Mind podcast is Tim Sitt, a clinician at the Freedom to Move Group who shares Duane’s appreciation of Virginia Satir’s work. Virginia Satir was cutting-edge in the 1960s when she moved away from the “traditional” psychoanalytic model and practices that perpetuated the hierarchical narrative that had become the norm in therapy. Her work is still revolutionary in that clinicians using her techniques bring in all of the pertinent members of the person’s family to address every member as having equal value and potentially remove the risk of redacting progress made with the individual during a session when they go back to their home environment, which may have caused them to turn to coping in the first place. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> People struggling with addiction often feel shame and no sense of self-worth, but this model aims to bring dignity to the person rather than harping on their behavior or pattern leading them to addiction. This could be the first safe space where they have been encouraged to explain themselves and evaluate why they are doing what they are doing. It gets down to the roots of the self, life, energy, and value. Perhaps pain or trauma in their past has led them to develop this inner dialogue of disconnection to self because they believe they are worthless. Satir’s work set up a system where the person realizes that they are not the problem and they can feel hopeful in connecting to their true self in the present moment. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness Often, people react to circumstances with “I am…” statements that ultimately draw conclusions from the external stimuli about who the person is. This is frequently very unhealthy and the cause of many underlying issues that lead to addiction or other coping mechanisms. It ultimately comes down to these two questions: What do you believe about yourself? What do you believe about relationships? The way the individual answers these questions shed a lot of light on the presence or lack of self-connection. It is important to create a space between the identity and the behavior in order to truly begin the self-connection journey. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/66 | Our guest on this episode of The Addicted Mind podcast is Dr. Michael Steuer of the Pacific Ketamine Institute in Los Angeles. Dr. Steuer’s training and practice have mainly been in the areas of anesthesia and pain management, but for the past 5+ years, he has shifted his focus somewhat to the use of ketamine to treat depression, mood disorders, addiction, and chronic pain. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> Before 2013, when the effectiveness of ketamine for these purposes was discovered, the main drugs to treat depression and mood disorders such as PTSD were SSRIs and SNRIs (Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and Serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors). While these medications were effective in temporarily treating the symptoms of depression and mood disorders, they often took weeks or months for patients to feel their effects and they often came with unpleasant side effects. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness While ketamine has been abused by people for its hallucinogenic properties in high doses, it has been found that lower doses have minimal short-term side effects and patients typically begin feeling relief from their symptoms during the infusion or shortly thereafter. Even patients with “treatment-resistant” depression or chronic pain feel better almost immediately, and these feelings are sustained for weeks or months after each infusion. It is recommended that patients have 6 infusions over 2 weeks in order to jump-start their recovery and most patients continue to receive one infusion per month to maintain their results. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/65 In the case of chronic pain, many people are prescribed narcotics or opioids, which essentially intercept the messages being sent from the body to the NMDA receptor of the brain which regulates mood and pain and the drugs themselves have addictive potential. Ketamine has proven to be more effective in modulating pain as well as addictive impulses, depression, and mood because it heightens the brain’s ability to recognize the signals being sent. This property causes ketamine to treat the root cause of the pain, rather than masking it like many opioids do. There are no known addictive properties of ketamine, making it safe for use in prescribed doses and frequencies, which may differ from person to person. Dr. Steuer’s message to listeners who are struggling with depression is that you don’t have to be alone or feel like you want to give up. Reach out, because there are people who want to help. | On this episode of The Addicted Mind podcast, Duane interviews Jacob Jones, author of the book “Recovered” and former opioid addict. Jacob has had a very turbulent but not uncommon path from addiction to recovery, and his insights into what drove his attitudes and behaviors over the years are eye-opening to anyone who has never personally experienced addiction. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>>  Jacob grew up in Alabama, the son of a University of Alabama football player who spent several years playing professional football, so the desire to perform well athletically was instilled in Jacob at a young age. When he started playing football in 7th grade, it was clear that he had genuine talent, and the desire for acceptance and affirmation through achievement essentially became his first addiction. He was given the scholarship to play at the University of Alabama – a dream come true – and before he even took the field for his first practice, he was already dreaming of playing in the NFL. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness  During his first season, he tore his quad 6 times and had to redshirt his freshman year. Being unable to perform athletically due to these injuries exacerbated the depression and anxiety that he had been medicating with physical activity and achievement, so he began to have panic attacks and feel like things were spiraling out of control. During his sophomore year, he had to take a medical release from football, essentially ending his football career and any hopes of playing professionally. He got pneumonia that year and became addicted to the hydrocodone cough syrup he was prescribed. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/64  The confluence of all of these factors led to Jacob’s compulsive behavior of getting his hands on as many opiates as possible just to feel ok. He realized that he had a problem when he tried to stop taking the pills, and he experienced withdrawals. That day, he called his mom and told her everything. He went home and went through a 30-day rehab program, emerging with a renewed resolve to not get into drugs again. He justified increasing his drinking habit by saying that it wasn’t drugs, but before long, he found himself clutching opiates again. He was arrested for possession and went through a year of drug court, never convinced to stop doing drugs but rather convinced not to get caught again. As soon as his drug court was over, his addiction quickly became all-consuming, and he began to burn relationships with his friends and family in pursuit of getting his next fix. This cycle became exhausting, and he was drowning under the weight of the shame and guilt resulting from how he was living. By this point, he was taking excessive amounts (perhaps fatal amounts) of opiates, benzos, and hypnos, and while he was not exactly suicidal, he would have been alright with not waking up the next morning.  When he reached this breaking point, he gave all of his drugs to his parents and tried to break his addiction cold turkey. He suffered a psychotic break and was admitted to the CCU due to his dangerously high heart rate. He was then sent to the psych ward where he “came to” and realized how out of control things had gotten. After significant advocacy from his parents, the doctors finally released him after 3 weeks there. Just 4 months later, he took a job as a manager of a restaurant, and due to the intense stress and detrimental environment, he ended up getting wrapped up in opiates once again.  At this point, his family had been trying to help him for 8-10 years, and despite their unconditional love for him, it was becoming unhealthy for them to continue supporting him. Jacob remembers being shaken to the core when his aunt told him that his family was not always going to be there unless something changed. He immediately went to a rehab facility in Florida, overcoming his fear of admitting he had a problem and reaching out for help. He started a new life there, finally being able to identify his feelings for the first time and finding a community of fellow recovering addicts who he could relate to and grow with. He realized that he was not alone and that he had good within him.  Now, Jacob is 3 years sober, and he is dedicating to helping others who are struggling with addiction by sharing his story. While he would never wish his situation on anyone, Jacob recognizes his journey as the biggest blessing imaginable because he can relate to so many people and share hope with them. He is now very involved in his church and participates in mission trips where he can share his story and just gain perspective on the world.  To anyone struggling with addiction, Jacob’s message is: You are valuable and worthy. Your life right now might seem unfair and hopeless, but you can make the choice today to reach out for help. Your worst day can become your best day. | Harry Derbitsky, President of Advanced Coaches Training Inc. and author of “Evolution of Addiction Recovery”, joins us on this episode of The Addicted Mind. While Harry himself has never been addicted to a substance, he recognizes that there are addictive behavior patterns in every person, and he has committed his life to help reorient the minds of those affected by addiction. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> During his time working with the indigenous people of Vancouver, Harry has found some common patterns: people want to leave their addiction, but they do not know how, many of the common strategies focus on personal effort, and working with clients on their internal condition first brings much more significant results. Harry uses a three principles model which includes mind, though, and consciousness and combines mental health and spiritual wisdom. With this model, the primary goal is to guide the client to find the answers within themselves, connecting to the spiritual and having their moment of insight, rather than continually trying to take in anything they are being taught. In this place, they will finally feel the relief that they have been trying to find through their addiction all this time. But now, they have experienced it in authenticity and satisfaction, and they will want to stay there rather than going back to the patterns of thinking and behavior that lead them away. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness From the therapist’s standpoint, it is most useful to give them the space to find what they need internally and help them process what they are experiencing, perhaps sharing some of your own experiences of what you have seen. It is also essential to understand and remember that thought creates feeling and feeling creates form. This process is one of the driving forces of addiction, but it can also be the golden ticket out of the addictive behavior pattern. You should focus on talking about their health rather than something being “wrong with them” and recognize that even though the topic is severe, you don’t have to be serious about it. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/63 Harry encourages people who want more information about the three principles or other aspects of his philosophy towards addiction treatment to visit his website. | Our guest on this episode of The Addicted Mind podcast is Samantha Arsenault, Director of National Treatment Quality Initiatives at Shatterproof. Shatterproof is a nonprofit organization on a mission to improve addiction treatment through prevention, treatment, education, and advocacy. It was founded in 2014 by Gary Mendell, a businessman who lost his son to the disease of addiction and became passionate about helping other families navigate the broken addiction treatment system. Calming The Addicted Mind - 6 Day Mindfulness Email Series theaddictedmind.com/mindfulness The work of Shatterproof was additionally spurred on by the 2016 Surgeon General’s report that showed empirical evidence that substance use disorders and other addictions can be treated effectively, but there is a significant gap in care available. In response, Shatterproof established their National Principles of Care (https://www.shatterproof.org/shatterproof-national-principles-care) to provide individuals and families affected by addiction with some helpful guidelines about what to look for in an effective treatment program. In fact, they are using these National Principles of Care along with treatment program surveys, insurance claims data, and information about the consumer experience to create a rating system of treatment centers in certain states by 2020. Join The Addicted Mind Podcast Facebook Group>>> This rating system will be a treasure trove of critical information for those seeking treatment and a motivator for treatment centers to improve their best practices in order to best serve their clients. Sam gives the example of someone coming into the hospital for their initial diagnosis and treatment of diabetes. The hospital would not manage their medications, food intake, and activities for 28 days and then send them back home with no resources, treatment plans, or follow up.\xa0 The same should be true for those being treated for addiction. They should receive individualized treatment based on their specific needs, access to medications, and ongoing support. Episode Link theaddictedmind.com/62 Shatterproof sees a world where this is the nature of substance use disorder and addiction treatment and they are excited about the prospect of this type of treatment becoming a reality for everyone who needs it. For more information about the work of Shatterproof and resources to help you in your journey, visit their website.', 'chan_desc': 'The Addicted Mind Podcast is about understanding addiction from a research and treatment perspective.  We will dive into what drives the addictive process, explore the latest research on addiction, and talk about the latest addiction treatment options. We will also explore what recovery from addiction looks like from a variety of different people. If you or someone you know is struggling with addiction then The Addicted Mind Podcast can help.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/5a/55/c5/5a55c54d-3b42-b42d-2588-6f120c4288cd/mza_2229164432399559649.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-08-06'}}

{'ADHD reWired': {'title': 'ADHD reWired', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/ADHD-reWired-id10744', 'num_comments': 12, 'author': 'Eric Tivers', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 2915, 'play_count': 49657, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/EricTivers', 'http://www.ADHDreWired.com'], 'ep_total': 297, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:12:50', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:58:46', 1], ['2019-09-24', '01:02:38', 1], ['2019-09-17', '00:59:23', 1], ['2019-09-10', '01:06:02', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:58:27', 0], ['2019-08-27', '01:10:05', 2], ['2019-08-20', '00:56:15', 2], ['2019-08-13', '01:08:26', 1], ['2019-08-06', '01:16:41', 4]], 'hover_text_concat': "This is the premiere episode of Hacking Your ADHD, a brand new ADHD reWired Network Podcast.\xa0 Subscribe to this podcast on:   Apple Podcasts  Google Podcasts Spotify  ADHD can make it hard for us to work on our intentions. This is even harder when we forget the things that we want to do. When you are learning about new ADHD strategies while reading books or listening to podcasts (like this one!) it is really easy to forget your intention of implementing those strategies. In these instances when we learn about a new tool, what we can do is write down our intended strategy and put it into our ADHD Toolbox. Our toolbox is simply a way for us to record the strategies and ideas we have for working with our ADHD - a place we can go and look at our intentions when we are off track. While new strategies are fun to add to our toolbox, we should also focus on adding things that are already working in our life to our toolbox. If you've found a great bedtime routine? Stick it in your toolbox. Figured out a great way to plan your upcoming week? Stick it in your toolbox. Found a great tool for keeping you focused? Stick it in your toolbox. Just creating a toolbox for yourself isn't enough. We all know that we forget things. That we get off track. And sometimes when we are off track it takes us a while to realize what we are doing wrong. Use your toolbox to speed up the process of getting back in the groove of things. To do this you've got to set up regular times to check your toolbox. But we also know that sometimes even when we set aside time to check something we aren't always going to get to it, which means we've got to set up redundant reminders for ourselves to make sure we don't miss out on our most important intentions. If this sounds like something that you need to do check out the full episode. | Sarah grew up in urban poverty with domestic violence, alcohol, drugs, and all before she turned 14. She had a hard time in school and with making friends, but her tenacity got her through, she ended up graduating from college with an MBA in finance. For the last 11 years, she has had a career in higher education.\xa0 She discusses her childhood, the abuse, and being diagnosed with ADHD, OCD, and depression. She tells us why her son hasn’t seen his grandparents in 4 years, and why she hasn’t told her family about the way her father treated her. Stories like Sarah’s need to be told so that maybe her words can help someone heal. She is a strong, resilient woman because of and in spite of her upbringing. Listen in as she explains how she feels and why she feels like it was her fault. I am sure there are people we know who this will resonate with maybe suggest that they listen to this episode with you. Your Resources:  Brene Brown  Russel Barkley Books on ADHD  Driven to Distraction by Edward Hallowell NAASCA AL-ANON  You’ll Learn:  02:49] Welcome to the show, Sarah! [03:25] Eric and Sarah discuss her childhood and growing up a victim of domestic violence by her father. [05:41] Mental Health in her family is never discussed. [06:32] How is your relationship with your dad now? Do you have one? [07:43] She tells us about an incident when she was caught holding hands with a boy walking down the street, and her father reacted violently against her. [09:55] Her dad's brother was the only one that knew what happened and he was an alcoholic. [10:40] She thinks that people would think it's strange that she has a good relationship with her dad. [11:27] Sarah speaks to us about her father threatening her son; he no longers sees his grandparents. [13:23] Have you ever felt that if you tell someone about the abuse, it will blow up everything you have tried to build?\xa0 [17:20] You can't numb the hard stuff if you want to feel the good stuff. [18:39] Have you ever sat in the muck? How long did it take you to get out? [19:20] Sarah speaks about her and trying to deal with her suicidal feelings. [21:20] If you could go back and talk to your 10-year-old self, what would you say? [25:41] No one will ever know how awful and painful this was for Sarah, but it is ok to have strong feelings and to see that it wasn't her fault. [27:33] Once she was diagnosed, everything started making more sense. Why wasn't this diagnosed years sooner? [29:48] Sarah reminisces about staying up all night with her mom watching tv and cooking 3-course meals at midnight. [33:30] Shame grows with silence, secrecy, and judgment. [38:10] It took Sarah 10 years to get her undergrad degree, and she got her MBA after she had her son. [40:40] She tells us about a guy she dated in high school that was controlling that she stayed with for four years. She failed classes because he followed her to college and stalked her. [45:46] Even the most resilient people need to stop and take a minute to say, this is hard! [47:00] How has the adversity you have faced shaped your ability to show up for life's challenges now? [49:52] Sarah says sometimes you have to be ok with not always being ok. [50:40] Eric's hope for Sarah is that she will continue working with her therapist and continue to tell her story and keep healing. [51:58] Eric will put some more resources on his website.\xa0 [53:03] If you're a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and on our Patreon at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 16th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are ending soon.\xa0 ArC 17 Summer Sessions run July 11th – Sept. 19th. We only have 9 spots remaining. Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more and sign-up for our Last Scheduled Registration Event on June 11th at 3 PM CT.\xa0 You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here. | Ari Tuckman is back on the show to discuss his new book and new findings regarding how ADHD affects sex and intimacy. Ari is a psychologist in Pennsylvania working to help others live their best lives. Many times, living your best life requires understanding your sexual needs and wants and how they affect your partner or spouse. Ari has spent a great deal of time researching how people with and without ADHD relate to and process sexual activities and intimacy. In his new book  ADHD After Dark, he shares the results of a survey taken of those with and without ADHD to reveal their levels of sexual eagerness. He then dispenses this down to share how varying levels of sexual eagerness affect intimate relationships and how to find ways to connect in the gaps. This conversation is full of great information about the true core issue of any sexually deficient relationship… communication. Ari shares some amazing statistics, I share some really terrible dad jokes, and together we hope to inspire you to use better communication skills to create a more unified sex life. Your Resources:   More Attention, Less Deficit Podcast  More Attention, Less Deficit by Ari Tuckman Ari’s Website 17: Ari Tuckman on Sleep, Meds, Self-Esteem & He-Man  55: Ari Tuckman: ADHD Sex and Intimacy  94: ADHD, Sex, and Intimacy Survey Results, with Ari Tuckman  Bonus Episode: One Of 15 Million (CHADD)  She Comes First by Ian Kerner  ADHD After Dark by Ari Tuckman CHADD Conference 2019  You’ll Learn:  [01:59] Welcome back to the show Ari Tuckman! [02:51] Ari is back to discuss sex and intimacy for those with ADHD. [03:24] Ari shares some of the recent shows he’s gone to. [03:56] Why does Ari study ADHD and sex?\xa0 [05:58] Romantic and sexual satisfaction overlap and affect one another. [07:24] Ari has been studying the difference between willingness and eagerness. [09:03] How do you address the core issue of communication to improve sexual interaction?\xa0 [10:22] What is emotion regulation and how can you employ it?\xa0 [13:03] Ari reveals several of the differences between the sexual interactions of those with ADHD and those without. [17:25] Which categories did people with ADHD rate themselves higher in on a survey of sexual eagerness. [20:36] What considerations should a person who is beginning a relationship think about?\xa0 [23:35] Learn about the differences between ADHD and non-ADHD regarding masturbation, kinkiness, and monogamy. [27:25] How does masturbation affect your life and sex life?\xa0 [28:50] Where does kink fit into this spectrum?\xa0 [31:31] What is consensual non-monogamy? [40:46] Does Ari’s research touch on cheating and sex addiction? What does it reveal? [46:33] Is porn use for those with ADHD really about porn? [47:50] The problem with labeling things an addiction… [50:06] Did Ari open up the survey to same-sex couples?\xa0 [51:10] Ari shares 5 tips that men and women with and without ADHD could use to better their sex lives. [56:37] Learn more about the CHADD conference for this year. [57:47] If you’re a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and click on our Patreon button at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 16th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are ending soon.\xa0 ArC 17 Summer Sessions run July 11th – Sept. 19th. We only have 9 spots remaining. Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more and sign-up for our Last Scheduled Registration Event on June 11th at 3 PM CT.\xa0 You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here. | What do you do when your entire experience with money has been negative? Mastermind ways to overcome the negativity and get in tune with your finances! Agnes has had a tough time getting the people in her life to realize that she is ready to take control of her finances and learn what it means to be financially savvy. When she should have been learning the ins and outs of money management, Agnes was instead dealing with the death of her father. Since then she and her mother have had conflicting ideas on how to approach money management. Listen in as Agnes shares how she has dealt with money in the past and how she’s looking to manage it in the future. Overcoming the emotional aspect is a big one for her. The mastermind group gives amazing advice for ways to approach money and insights on why she’s been clashing with family members over the management of their trusts. The group also provides an amazing number of resources when getting started with money management. If money management is an issue for you as well, take heart, the reason money is a problem for most people is that we don’t talk about it often enough! Stay! Listen! Learn! This group gives some amazing advice.\xa0 Your Resources:   ADD and Your Money by Stephanie Moulton Sarkis and Karl Klein Financial Peace University (FPU)  I Will Teach You to be Rich by Ramit Sethi  Money Master the Game by Tony Robbins  Unshakeable by Tony Robbins  A Woman’s Guide to Personal Finance by Virginia Morris  CHADD Finance Resources Planet Money Podcast Motley Fool Money Podcast The Financial Diet  Money Management for Dummies  You’ll Learn:  [02:34] Agnes shares a bit about where her issues with money started.\xa0 [04:20] What needs to happen for Agnes to start working on her finances? [08:39] Will steps in with some great information about how to get started and who to look for. [10:56] Agnes works through the mental block she has surrounding the various aspects of her inheritance and the familial burdens that come along with it. [14:06] Emily steps up to ask clarifying questions about Agnes’s issues with paying people and continuing to feel like a burden. [15:28] What is the thing that she’s gone through with her mother over and over again? [16:39] Perhaps the issue is that the people around Agnes also don’t know anything about money… [19:51] Who has Agnes given permission to know about her finances? Why? [24:23] We are back from the break and diving into educating yourself on finances. [31:06] Agnes commits to reaching out to a financial planner/fiduciary to help her. [38:03] Emily recommends checking with the bank for financial classes and encourages Agnes to only share her financial woes with people directly related to her money. [41:05] Maybe having someone address finances in a positive light is all that Agnes needs. [44:42] You won’t take care of it later. Start putting money away now. [50:43] What is Patreon? [53:17] Finances are like dieting… learn why! [54:31] If you’re a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and click on our Patreon button at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 16th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are ending soon.\xa0 ArC 17 Summer Sessions run July 11th – Sept. 19th. We only have 9 spots remaining. Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more and sign-up for our Last Scheduled Registration Event on June 11th at 3 PM CT.\xa0 You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here. | August’s Q&A was a great one for everyone needing tips and tricks for helping their children and themselves get and stay “organized.” Brendan and I help talk through various strategies we’ve used to help our kids with schoolwork and assignments as well as ways we stay on top of our homes, cars, and calendars. We start the session off with a question about the progress that’s being made with making ADHD a nationally recognized health issue and our recommendations for bringing awareness to your state politicians. The only way to really raise this issue up is being persistent and helping others to recognize the effects ADHD has on so many other health issues. Have you ever wondered if stimulants have an impact on your creativity? We had an awesome question from a creator in the group asking about the long-term effects of taking stimulants and staying creative. This question led to our discussion of the distinction between being a creative person and being a creator.\xa0 Do you have questions that you need to be answered or a solution to a problem you experience every day? Sign up for next month’s Q&A at www.adhdrewired.com/events!\xa0 Your Resources:  ADHD Essentials Podcast with Brendan Mahan CHADD  You’ll Learn:  [02:38] Welcome to the August Q&A session with Eric and Brendan. [03:50] Any progress or thoughts on the goal of raising ADHD to the federal level? [04:50] Learn what you can do to help the push for awareness! [09:38] How to stop keeping so many tabs open on our internet browsers. [15:16] Tips for sticking with calendar reminders for notifications. [22:18] Do stimulants affect creativity over the longterm? [30:47] Could stimulants increase study speed? Other exercises or practices?\xa0 [33:36] How to help children with ADHD remember school work and assignments to curb procrastinating. [39:47] Learn helpful strategies for keeping your home, car, etc clean when you are ADHD inattentive?\xa0 [51:02] Does Eric feel like he’s changed since he started his podcast?\xa0 [54:44] Has Brendan changed since starting his podcast?\xa0 [1:00:25] If you want to join in next month’s Q&A, check out www.adhdrewired.com/events.\xa0 [1:01:11] If you’re a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and click on our Patreon button at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 16th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are ending soon.\xa0 ArC 17 Summer Sessions run July 11th – Sept. 19th. We only have 9 spots remaining. Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more and sign-up for our Last Scheduled Registration Event on June 11th at 3 PM CT.\xa0 You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here. | Ann Marie Silverberg is a wife, mother, dog trainer and was recently diagnosed with ADHD. Listen in as we chat about her road to diagnosis, how ADHD affects her life and business, and why, in many ways, she views the condition as a strength.\xa0 Ann Marie’s road to diagnosis was a fairly long one. Like many others trying to find a reason for their behavior, she had an Aha! moment, but an actual diagnosis was long in coming. It was almost as if no one WANTED to diagnose her. She shares the struggle that she went through and what led to her finally receiving the help she needed. Do you have sensory processing issues? So does Ann Marie! She uses that sensory overload to her advantage in her work. Listen as she shares why she’s very similar to the animals she trains and how that similarity makes her an expert at her craft. This was an awesome conversation full of positivity and advice for keeping on track with your goals. We dig into how Ann Marie cues herself for behavioral change and the importance of positivity in everyday life. Your Resources:  Temple Grandin Ann Marie’s Website Brainiacs Dog Training on YouTube  You’ll Learn:  [01:35] Welcome to the show Ann Marie Silverberg, a certified dog trainer and behavioral consultant! [03:44] Learn why Ann Marie decided to work with aggressive dogs. [05:24] What has Ann Marie learned from working with anxious and aggressive dogs about her own behavior?\xa0 [06:06] Why trying to parent keyed her into a possible underlying issue in her own behavior. [09:58] How long did it take for Ann Marie to be diagnosed with ADHD after she had her “Aha!” moment. [18:02] Why setting realistic expectations is very important to maintaining your sanity. [21:54] How does ADHD show up in Ann Marie’s business?\xa0 [24:39] Do cues work to remind Ann Marie to use the spreadsheets she creates?\xa0 [31:24] Ann Marie shares some of her sensory processing issues and how they affect her business for the good and bad. [37:08] What cues does Ann Marie use to reinforce behavioral changes?\xa0 [39:13] How does she leverage her strengths in her business?\xa0 [47:50] Does Ann Marie struggle with low frustration tolerance?\xa0 [53:02] Connect with Ann Marie! [53:32] If you’re a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and click on our Patreon button at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 16th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are ending soon.\xa0 ArC 17 Summer Sessions run July 11th – Sept. 19th. We only have 9 spots remaining. Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more and sign-up for our Last Scheduled Registration Event on June 11th at 3 PM CT.\xa0 You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here. | Genevieve’s coaching session was so good we had to break it into 2 parts. Last week we discussed a variety of topics, but this week we dig deeper. Genevieve has a variety of passions but finding the time and energy to not only start them but complete them has been a struggle. Genevieve discusses several business ventures she has considered and started and we dig into how those ventures can support her. We also discuss ways she can stay on track and create success. She has a lot of passions and philanthropic goals, so helping her complete those goals is important. Genevieve really did have some amazing ideas and questions. Listen in if you’ve had any issues staying on track in your business and life. If you didn’t listen to part I, go back now and hear how we tackled some of the issues leading into Genevieve’s business creation. Your Resources:   Procrastinate on Purpose by Roy Vaden  The ONE Thing by Gary Keller and Jay Papasan  You’ll Learn:  [02:07] Listen as Eric introduces Part 2 of Genevieve’s interview with a listener comment. [03:14] How do you figure out your priorities when you have multiple passions?\xa0 [07:27] Genevieve shares the passions she wants to pursue. [10:41] We unpack how YouTube can be monetized. [14:53] Are there any connections between Genevieve’s various passions and goals?\xa0 [20:02] Can Genevieve connect her Etsy work and her YouTube work?\xa0 [21:37] What will pay the bills? What strategy has Genevieve employed? [28:04] Why is procrastinating on purpose important?\xa0 [31:53] What can you do that makes everything else easier?\xa0 [40:39] Back from the break and how do you remember the one thing that needs to be done?\xa0 [41:42] What could get in the way of doing the ONE thing?\xa0 [45:50] Determining the timing of task is very important. [50:24] Are Genevieve’s next steps clear?\xa0 [55:33] The more we say no to, the more we get done. [1:00:58] What could Genevieve do to systematize her time? [1:04:23] Connect with Genevieve. [1:05:14] If you’re a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and click on our Patreon button at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 16th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are ending soon.\xa0 ArC 17 Summer Sessions run July 11th – Sept. 19th. We only have 9 spots remaining. Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more and sign-up for our Last Scheduled Registration Event on June 11th at 3 PM CT.\xa0 You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here. | There is a fine line between feeling broken and feeling different. Today’s guest is Geneviève Sévigny, who was recently re-diagnosed with ADHD. She has been struggling with how to connect to her friends and ways that she can discuss her symptoms with them.\xa0 This is a 2-part episode chock full of ways that you can approach well-meaning friends and acquaintances when they say things that set you on edge. Geneviève is open and honest about her struggles and beliefs and the conversation was so seamless that we went way over the normal span of an episode. Get ready to dig into the beliefs you have about your diagnosis and how it affects your life. We also discuss some of the internal conversations we have with ourselves and how our self-talk affects our relationships and worldview. Geneviève shares her struggles in the hope that others feel less alone and can learn from her experience. You won’t want to miss this 2-part episode. Your Resources:  Totally ADD with Rick Green Brene Brown  You’ll Learn:  [01:53] Welcome back to the show as we discuss the feeling of brokenness. [04:27] How do you stop feeling like you’re broken and lazy? [10:25] What are some ways to discuss the symptoms with friends without frustration? [16:26] Ways to respond when friends say, “I do that too!” [28:25] Back from the break and working to understand ourselves and our gifts. [33:59] We discuss the implications of, “It’s not me, it’s my ADHD.”\xa0 [42:12] Geneviève shares why the French think of ADHD as lunacy. [48:30] What sucks more than ADHD? Brain injuries! [50:53] If you’re a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and click on our Patreon button at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 18th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are coming soon.\xa0 ArC 18 Summer Sessions run Oct 4 – Dec 20.\xa0 Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more. You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here. | Brendan and I are back for July’s Q&A session! The goal of these Q&A sessions is to allow you, the listener, a chance to submit questions and situations for us to help talk you through and mastermind. It doesn’t matter if the issue is personal or professional, sometimes you just need to talk it through and look at it from a different perspective. Our questions this month range from how to get “unfrozen” when making decisions to medications to questions on coaching styles. The questions were in-depth this month and Brendan and I really dig in to help answer your questions. As usual, if you’ve been dealing with problematic ADHD symptoms, then you need to listen to this episode. Please note that when we discuss medications, we can only address personal experience. Anytime you are prescribed a medication, you should reach out to your provider regarding your symptoms and experiences. Not all medications are effective for all people. There are a variety of options and you’ll need individual help to determine which medications are right for you. This Q&A covered a wide range of topics and we provide some fantastic takeaways no matter what stage you’re in with your diagnosis. Listen in as we not only discuss your questions but also struggle with our own flare ups! Lack of sleep and competing priorities is problematic for everyone, but when you have ADHD it’s worse! (just ask Brendon!) Your Resources:   Purpose Driven Life by Pastor Rick Warren ADHD Essentials Podcast with Brendan Mahan  ADHD reWired Episode 118: Could it Be Bipolar Disorder? with Dr. Roberto Olivardia  You’ll Learn:  [02:34] Welcome back! This is the July Q&A session. [05:48] Julie needs to learn how to break out of the frozen zone and make decisions. [15:10] Daniel needs some help figuring out his medication times. [23:39] Back from the break and responding to a question about managing dual diagnoses. [27:36] How can you focus on the positives in the midst of failure?\xa0 [33:50] Is group coaching comparable to 1:1 coaching?\xa0 [42:43] How do you motivate yourself to get up and go when you have several responsibilities? [46:42] Welcome Diane to the show! She asked a live question about overcoming sleep procrastination. [56:22] How do you break big projects down into smaller steps so that you get them done?\xa0 [1:03:21] If you’re a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and click on our Patreon button at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 16th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are ending soon.\xa0 ArC 17 Summer Sessions run July 11th – Sept. 19th. We only have 9 spots remaining. Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more and sign-up for our Last Scheduled Registration Event on June 11th at 3 PM CT.\xa0 You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here. | Welcome back to another mastermind episode. Today we have Madeline in the hot seat as we work through the issues she has been facing with getting more done and having productive free time. We discuss ways that she can get more done while still playing video games but also doing things in her free time that restore and rejuvenate not just kill time. This mastermind begins with a discussion on how to break through and do the I don’t wanna’s, ways to help Madeline do her chores, study and how “I’ll do it later” is just a lie we tell ourselves. They talked about what they feel like when they think I don’t wanna, is it resentment because you have to do it?\xa0 Is there guilt because you feel the resentment? Madeline is given some great advice in this mastermind! Listen in and learn some fantastic tips to manage your I don’t wannas, learn to rewrite the script in your head and make the I don't wannas into a positive outcome.. You’ll Learn:  [02:04] Welcome back! Madeline is in the hot seat on this episode. [02:16] Everyone is introduced by Eric. [03:04] Madeline tells us what she wants to Mastermind today. [03:58] Has Madeline done research on whether play is part of productivity?\xa0 [05:26] Does anyone feel rejuvenated after using technology?\xa0 [12:27] Madeline talks about how she likes to do non productive things first thing in the morning. [25:49] We are back from the break and dive into working through the transitions of I don’t wanna’s. [27:51] What video game has Madeline played that does make her feel good? [32:52] We now shift to how to be more productive and how to beat the I don’t wannas. [32:58] What are Madeleines key I don’t wannas that she is struggling with? [35:17] What chore does she do that when it is done she it makes her feel really good? [42:02] How can we help Madeline do her chores like drying dishes, scooping kitty litter and decluttering her desk? [46.38] Stopping the I’ll do it later syndrome. [54:19] Is there a degree of opposition when someone asks you to do something? [55:58] Madleine needs to learn new scripts in her mind and use scripts to do it. [58:24] What's the equivalent of wiggling the pinkie finger for the tasks you don't wanna do? [1:03:12] How is accountability brought into the situation? [1:09:29] After listening to what has been discussed, what things does Madeleine think she can commit to? [1:11:17] Final thoughts? [1:12:27] If you’re a regular listener, consider becoming a patron and click on our Patreon button at www.ADHDreWired.com  Use my Audible.com affiliate link for your favorite titles: http://www.audibletrial.com/ADHDreWired ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability Groups The 16th season of the ADHD reWired Coaching and Accountability groups are ending soon.\xa0 ArC 17 Summer Sessions run July 11th – Sept. 19th. We only have 9 spots remaining. Please visit coachingrewired.com to learn more and sign-up for our Last Scheduled Registration Event on June 11th at 3 PM CT.\xa0 You don’t want to miss it! Support the Podcast on Patreon Patreon allows listeners like you to support content creators like me. With a monthly contribution, you can get access to different levels of perks.\xa0 One perk example is our Patron-only Group Coaching Sessions. Learn more at http://patreon.com/adhdrewired. ADHD reWired Facebook Group: If you would like to apply to join the ADHD reWired Secret Facebook group, go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/community and fill out the application. Productivity Q&A Get your ADHD questions answered live! These Q&A sessions take place on the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 12:30 PM CT. Go to https://www.adhdrewired.com/events Want to be a guest? Hey! What about you? Do you have a story? Are you a coach? Are you an ADHD Clinician? If you answered yes to any of these questions and you’d like to be a guest, schedule a pre-interview call here.", 'chan_desc': 'The podcast for adults with ADHD. Hear stories, learn strategies, and get great productivity tips as we talk about the real-life struggles and what it takes to achieve success.  Host, Eric Tivers, LCSW, is a psychotherapist, coach and entrepreneur (with ADHD) in private practice.   Eric interviews a variety of guests. Many are people just like yourself, as well professionals, entrepreneurs, and ADHD experts.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/a6/c1/af/a6c1af92-27e5-eb39-46fd-04a9ebb08869/mza_7372611599274165775.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-04-05'}}

{'The Narcissist in Your Life Podcast': {'title': 'The Narcissist in Your Life Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Narcissist-in-Your-Life-Podcast-id1023315', 'num_comments': 5, 'author': 'Linda Martinez-Lewi Ph.D.', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 590, 'play_count': 22743, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://thenarcissistinyourlife.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 299, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-06', '00:08:04', 0], ['2019-10-03', '00:11:18', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:07:19', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:09:00', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:07:29', 0], ['2019-09-22', '00:07:03', 0], ['2019-09-21', '00:06:41', 1], ['2019-09-18', '00:12:12', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:11:36', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:07:24', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Over a long period of time when you are forced to continually react to highly stressful conditions associated with abusive narcissistic spouse, your stress response system can become disrupted and your reserve can be depleted. There are many disorders: HPA axis dysregulation, migraine headaches, gut issues, chronic insomnia, etc. The good news is that you can learn to clearly identify the narcissistic personality and to separate out of this highly stressful marriage.\xa0 Focus on your well being. Daily self care: nourishing food, sleep, rest, hydration, movement/exercise, Nature, your form of spiritual practice, using your unique creativity.\xa0 You are taking your own unique pathway, the road less traveled, becoming strong and whole-emotionally, psychologically, physically, spiritually. https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg | Encountering our Shadow, getting to know it and explore its essence is a journey that moves us closer to a deeper and richer concept of ourselves.\xa0 Working with the Shadow through creativity:\xa0 Unedited writing Dreams, gems of the night Opening up to our intuitions Being in Nature Listening to great music welcomes the Shadow Creating and appreciating art bring our Shadow into focus. https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg | Watching high level narcissists, notice how they are geared toward seeking constant pleasure--buying, spending large sums on every variety of possession--cars, clothing, travel, social gatherings, feasts, fetes. These individual are caught up in their exclusive swirl of social gatherings among other anointed high level narcissists.\xa0 Contrarily, they cause tremendous psychological pain to those who are involved with them: spouses, ex-spouses, children, other family members. If you are partnered with a high level narcissist it is a matter of time when you will be subjected to their vile cruelties. \xa0 High level narcissists remain in lotus land for the full run. Actually, the narcissistic personality is psychologically regressed at age two or younger. This is when the developmental arrest took place according to renowned clinician and researcher, Dr. James Masterson. You recognize that your partnerships with a high level narcissist has sent you off course, away from the direction of your center, your true original self.\xa0 With your insights, intuitions and creative gifts you are moving forward to home base, the pathway of the parasympathetic, recovery, transformation and creativity. This is where you belong.\xa0 https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 | The external image of the narcissist is the polar opposite of his/her internal world. On the outside the classic narcissist is frequently physically attractive, highly self confident, overflowing with charm.\xa0 The narcissistic view of life has no limits. They inspire awe in most people if they are high level narcissists who have mastered control and manipulation of others.\xa0 Beneath the glittery, irresistible surface, the inner world of the narcissist is empty, bleak and dark. There is an inert quality to the inner narcissist. They have no insight and believe their finely spun delusions.\xa0 Deep in the unconscious the narcissist is fraudulent, empty, rudderless. Know that this is a fixed, rigid personality disorder that does not change. The narcissist lives in a psychological darkness that pulls others down into its depths. He is unconcerned since the narcissist is out of touch with himself. It is those around him who are devastated by his demands, hatreds, crimes of the heart. Are there enough material rewards to cover up the stench of his vile deeds and deceits. Listen and you will hear the voice of your intuition rising, speaking to you, saying: "Get out now. Leave. Don\'t stay or you will be trapped and lose yourself." Know that you can leave this dark place, that you don\'t belong there. Like our prehistoric ancestors who carried the miracle of fire from place to place, you have opened the warmth and light that has been waiting to manifest. This is your light, the re-emergence of your authentic self.\xa0 \xa0 https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg | There is a pattern of psychological and emotional abuse that follows children from narcissistic parents to partnerships with narcissistic personalities. Childhood trauma causes a series of severe intrapsychic wounds that are exceedingly painful and gut-wrenching. The life of a child who is continually abused from the child he or she is born is immeasurably horrific. Those who have not experienced childhood trauma can approximate and imagine what these children suffer and endure. These small children are at the mercy of cold, enraged narcissistic parents who make them into servants and treat them like slaves. No one pays attention to their cries, screams and pleas for mercy. Crying out in these situations causes more physical and psychological abuse. Crying children are often struck physically if they continue make loud noises. Everything must be kept quiet so that no one outside the family knows the ugly truth. The narcissistic mother glares menacingly at her small child. The stare is very frightening.\xa0 When a child grows up the victim of narcissistic abuse, he is conditioned to this experience and it deepens with the intrapsychic structure.\xa0 the narcissistically abuse child doesn\'t develop a strong sense of self entitlement: to be treated with respect, empathy, understanding, having an appreciation of you as a unique individual. After many year and decades of marriage to the narcissistic spouse, the non narcissist is the recipient of the psychopathology of their partner: silent treatments, projections of vituperative rage, constant lying, double dealing, threats, vile criticisms and humiliations. Today\'s narcissistic society is impatient and dismissive of those who have suffered in these extreme ways. They become "bored" when the person doesn\'t get "cured" quickly.\xa0 With research and insight you recognize that you have been trapped in a nightmare with the narcissistic partner and that you deserve to take a different track. You are moving forward in the direction that belongs to yo, your pathway to freedom and deep inner peace. Practice daily self care, sleep,\xa0 rest, nutrition, movement/exercise, meditation, prayer. \xa0 https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg \xa0 \xa0 | Born very attractive, bright, extroverted, charming - This is daddy\'s golden girl. Chosen by her narcissistic father very early to rule the household she supplants her mother\'s role, upending the lives of the children of the family There is a strong psychological fusion between father and daughter, an erotic energy.\xa0 She can do no wrong, she always gets what she wants. As a young adult golden girl she has a pattern of seducing men, creating female enemies.\xa0 As she grows older she graduates to having affairs with the husbands of her friends and acquaintances because it is so thrilling and exciting. The two top forces within this golden daughter that motivate everything are manipulation and control over others to seek power. In a word, this woman is calculating. This golden girl becomes notorious for her sheer nerve and ambition. She has a couple of kids to burnish her image.\xa0 Will she pay for her psychological sins, the trespasses that have harmed so many as she climbed, stepping over others to pursue the Everest of her blind ambition. Don\'t wait for her to be punished or pulled back from her high perch. Take the reins in your capable hands, recognize\xa0 the true nature of the destructive narcissistic personality. Practice daily self care.\xa0 https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg | Exploit means to use someone or something selfishly or for profit.\xa0 \xa0 Partnered with or married to and being the child of a narcissistic parent you are constantly embattled in a state of fight or flight, sympathetic mode.\xa0 Narcissists use us to fill themselves up, over and over again. They wear you down and it means nothing to them since they do not have a conscience.\xa0 The steal your creative ideas, projects and plans.\xa0 They exploit your fine image and character. Separate out of this non relationship. Become keenly entitled to your unique value, your creative gifs and deep inner peace.\xa0 https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg | I want to speak with you about becoming more fully yourself through the integration of your Shadow. Dr. Carl Jung defines it this way: "The Shadow personifies everything that the person refuses to acknowledge about himself" and represents "a tight passage, a narrow door, whose painful constriction no one is spared who goes down to the deep well."\xa0 Quoting from my book: Recovering and Healing After the Narcissist: "The Shadow not only contains the painful, sad, traffic elements of the psyche. Within the Shadow are powerful, vibrant images of beauty, humor and truth." Access your Shadow through writing down your dreams, which are jewels of the night.\xa0 Write down your dreams and discover the pure gold of the unconscious. Sometimes there are fragments. Be patient with yourself and discover the treasures there. Another way of accessing your Shadow is through unedited writing with pen or on your computer. Be unjudgmental with yourself and discover the treasure of the unconscious in this way. Listen to beautiful music that is personal to you as a form of letting the unconscious flow. Go inside of the music and see what occurs. It is a wonderful mystery.\xa0 https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg \xa0 |  Shame is an intolerable feeling of being exposed, wanting to disappear, emotional vulnerability, feeling inferior and worthless. Each person feels shame in his or her own way.   Unlike these individuals, narcissists are shameless. They have no sense of limits, rules or consideration of others. Pathological narcissism is a defense against shame.   Not having a conscience facilitates narcissists in their outrageous and hurtful behaviors.\xa0   At the core in his damaged real self, the narcissist is psychologically empty, shallow, cold, bored, restless.\xa0   Narcissists are offended by and bored with the truth. Rules, laws, morals and decency do not apply to the narcissist.\xa0   Don\'t think you can change their rock embedded, highly flawed character structure. It is formed of psychic titanium defenses that remain intact despite any external circumstances. Key among these is Denial, the king of defense mechanisms.\xa0   Narcissists are particularly shameless with their incessant lying. Narcissists love to lie; it\'s their milk and honey, their sustenance, the smoothest way to get and keep what they want, an way to steely control over their human domains.   It is difficult for most of us to imagine how anyone could continually lie by omission and commission and have no consequences as a result. Even when the narcissist commits horrible acts of cruelty, there is no just resolution. Victims are left re-traumatized and exhausted They have no one to turn to who can offer them support, respite, reparations or the smallest kindness.   This is the case in a current narcissistic society that worships worldly achievements and external perfection over qualities of the authentic self: empathy, insight, integrity, kindness, loyalty, compassion, the capacity to listen and resonate with another human being.\xa0   You are that authentic individual and I honor you. Remember to spend as much time as possible in the parasympathetic body/mind systems.\xa0 Sleep well, rest, be creative, go to Nature, enjoy the beauty of music. Here\'s to your transformation moving along the pathways of your true authentic self.\xa0 \xa0 | Individuals who are adult children of narcissistic parents, spouses and ex-spouses and other family members are often victimized for long periods of time with psychological and emotional pain perpetrated by covert narcissists.\xa0 There is a time of awakening when you become receptive to the incredible moments of insights along with your reading in depth about the true nature of the covert narcissist.\xa0 Give yourself tremendous credit for your discoveries as you move along the pathway of the true, authentic self. \xa0 \xa0 https://tinyurl.com/y39j2uke  www.mhnrnetwork.com  \xa0https://tinyurl.com/y3ss5clg', 'chan_desc': 'The Narcissist in Your Life Podcast is hosted by Linda Martinez-Lewi, Ph.D., clinical expert on the narcissistic personality, psychotherapist and author. I offer in-depth analysis, strategies and practices for those psychologically and emotionally harmed and abused by toxic, predatory narcissistic personalities through my books: Recovering and Healing After the Narcissist and Freeing Yourself from the Narcissist in Your Life, international telephone consultations and global podcasts. I put the emphasis on helping individuals to access the calming, restorative parts of the parasympathetic body/mind systems that lead to healing, recovery, personal transformation and the evolution of your true, authentic self and your unique creative gifts.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/fb/61/2a/fb612ac2-5104-05b3-b717-66f3885e1c87/mza_8488711646124717883.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-09-03'}}

{'The Lavendaire Lifestyle': {'title': 'The Lavendaire Lifestyle', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Lavendaire-Lifestyle-id1950782', 'num_comments': 22, 'author': 'Lifestyle Design & Personal Growth YouTuber Blogger Entrepreneur Artist of Life', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 24900, 'play_count': 289044, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/lavendaire', 'https://www.facebook.com/Lavendaire', 'https://www.lavendaire.com'], 'ep_total': 126, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-02', '00:02:12', 2], ['2019-06-30', '00:39:04', 8], ['2019-06-23', '00:41:51', 8], ['2019-06-16', '00:48:49', 22], ['2019-06-09', '00:38:34', 16], ['2019-06-02', '00:31:30', 12], ['2019-05-26', '00:35:12', 21], ['2019-05-19', '00:36:08', 16], ['2019-05-12', '00:32:37', 5], ['2019-05-05', '00:51:23', 13]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Hi loves! Popping in between podcast seasons to share a few exciting announcements: 1. I’m doing a guest takeover on the Optimal Living Daily Podcast! You can listen to me read an article I wrote, Living For Yourself and Not Others, today: Monday, Sept 2. Listen to episode #1361 here → oldpodcast.com/1361 2. The podcast…The post LL 124: Optimal Living Daily Collab & NEW Lavendaire Shop Updates appeared first on Lavendaire. | “There’s no mistakes. Everything is aligned.” I truly believe you can only figure out your true path by exploring a bunch of different ones first. That’s how Lavendaire came to be, and that’s how my friend Branché Foston has found her own true path: making wellness & healing practices more accessible to millennials, especially people…The post LL 123: Spiritual Self Care & How to Make Wellness Accessible w/ Branché Foston appeared first on Lavendaire. | If you’re feeling spread a little too thin lately, this episode’s for you because we’re tackling everything related to stress, what happens when you have too much of it, and practical tips for trying to get your busy life back into balance. Today we’re talking to Dr. Samantha Brody, a naturopathic physician and author of…The post LL 122: Overcoming Overwhelm & Stress w/ Dr. Samantha Brody appeared first on Lavendaire. | We have a listener favorite returning to the show today: Andrea Owen! Andrea is a life coach who empowers women to *truly* value themselves, despite the messages from media and society telling them “You’re not good enough”. Last time Andrea was on the show, we talked about being open to feeling your feelings and how…The post LL 121: How to Stop Feeling “Not Good Enough” w/ Andrea Owen appeared first on Lavendaire. | Delighted to have my friend Jasmine Lipska on the podcast! Jasmine is a YouTuber, travel vlogger, author, and content creator. Her passion is bringing inspiration and light to self growth and modern spirituality. She’s currently on an indefinite solo travel journey, exploring and working from all around the world. We talk about her love and…The post LL 120: Self Love, Law of Attraction & Solo Travel w/ Jasmine Lipska appeared first on Lavendaire. | Hi loves! It’s a special solo chat for the podcast this week. I’m sharing a story I’ve never talked about publicly before: a painful experience I had in my early YouTube days where I learned that people I considered to be genuine friends, had never thought of me in the same way. This story shares…The post LL 119: About Betrayal, Learning to Stand Up For Myself & Turning Pain into Purpose (The Story Behind ‘Honestly’) appeared first on Lavendaire. | Are you treating your body from a place of love and celebration? Or from a punishment and deprivation? Susan Hyatt is a life coach spreading the message of empowerment: looking at and treating your body with genuine love. Aileen and Susan chat about negative body image as a ‘normal’ phenomenon for women, how to do…The post LL 118: Body Love, Emotional Eating & Healthy Self Care w/ Susan Hyatt appeared first on Lavendaire. | “It’s your responsibility to teach people how to treat you.” When you learn to say no more often, you teach others that you have boundaries. And the best part? They’ll usually respect you for it. Erin Falconer is a digital entrepreneur and author of How to Get Sh*t Done, a book on self improvement and…The post LL 117: Productivity, Saying No & How to Get Sh*t Done w/ Erin Falconer appeared first on Lavendaire. | Today’s podcast is a much-awaited treat! I mentioned being interested in astrology a while back and a lot of people asked me to share more. Since I’m a beginner, I wanted to bring on an expert: Debra Silverman. Debra is an astrologer, psychologist, and expert on marrying the two: interpreting the stars and how they…The post LL 116: Understanding Astrology, Birth Charts & Horoscopes w/ Debra Silverman appeared first on Lavendaire. | “If you can learn, then you can do anything. And if you can do anything, you can be anything.” Today’s guest is the expert on learning faster, remembering more, and being more productive. Jonathan Levi is the founder of SuperHuman Enterprises. His podcast, books, and courses teach people how to become “SuperHuman”: teaching them how…The post LL 115: How to Learn Faster, Improve Your Memory & Be More Productive w/ Jonathan Levi appeared first on Lavendaire.', 'chan_desc': 'Life is an art. Make it your masterpiece. The Lavendaire Lifestyle is a podcast about personal growth and lifestyle design. Hosted by YouTuber and entrepreneur Aileen Xu, this podcast shares weekly inspiration on how to create your dream life. New episodes released every Sunday | Show notes available at lavendaire.com', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/f2/13/83/f2138364-3a42-68d1-240d-dcafd0e9fa0b/mza_7681149253784853050.jpeg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-04-25'}}

{'Happy Place': {'title': 'Happy Place', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Happy-Place-id1185930', 'num_comments': 91, 'author': 'Fearne Cotton', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 134786, 'play_count': 1034418, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/Fearnecotton', 'https://www.facebook.com/fearnecotton', 'http://www.officialfearnecotton.com/news/2018/2/26/happy-place-podcast'], 'ep_total': 45, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-06', '00:41:47', 4], ['2019-09-29', '00:44:22', 4], ['2019-09-22', '00:37:58', 8], ['2019-09-15', '00:54:48', 10], ['2019-09-08', '00:36:23', 12], ['2019-09-01', '00:41:59', 11], ['2019-08-04', '00:42:28', 12], ['2019-07-28', '00:41:57', 19], ['2019-07-21', '00:51:43', 43], ['2019-07-14', '00:40:27', 6]], 'hover_text_concat': "Live from Manchester's Tatton Park, Fearne is joined by the founding leader of the Women's Equality Party Sophie Walker to talk about the feminism of the future, how to channel anger into positive change, and what we can all be doing to make life better for everyone. Thanks to the sponsors of the Happy Place Festival, Rituals. Who create bath, body and home products designed to help you slow down and feel good. Visit\xa0rituals.com, where there's a welcome gift waiting for you... | Olympic champion Dame Kelly Holmes drops in to the Happy Place Festival in Tatton Park, Manchester, to discuss her life pre and post Olympics: including\xa0growing up in a care home, gaining respect in the army, pushing for gold medals despite injury and illness, and celebrating what makes her unique. Thanks to the sponsors of the Happy Place Festival, Rituals. Who create bath, body and home products designed to help you slow down and feel good. Visit\xa0rituals.com, where there's a welcome gift waiting for you... Triggers: references to suicide, self-harm.\xa0 If you're in the UK and in need of someone to talk to someone,\xa0call The Samaritans on\xa0116 123. For those outside the UK, you can call:  Argentina: 02234930430 Australia: 131114 Austria: 017133374 Belgium: 106 Bosnia & Herzegovina: 080 05 03 05 Botswana: 3911270 Brazil: 212339191  Canada:\xa05147234000\xa0(Montreal);\xa018662773553\xa0(outside Montreal) Croatia: 014833888 Denmark:\xa0+4570201201 Egypt: 7621602 Finland: 010 195 202 France: 0145394000 Germany: 08001810771 Holland: 09000767 Hong Kong:\xa0+852 2382 0000 Hungary: 116123 India:\xa08888817666 Ireland:\xa0+4408457909090 Italy: 800860022 Japan:\xa0+810352869090 Mexico: 5255102550 New Zealand: 045861048 Norway:\xa0+4781533300 Philippines: 028969191 Poland: 5270000 Russia: 0078202577577 Spain: 914590050 South Africa: 0514445691 Sweden: 46317112400 Switzerland: 143 USA:\xa018002738255  | After a catastrophic accident in a Formula 4 car, racing driver Billy Monger would be forgiven for decided to end his motor racing career. The fact that he returned, just months later, is a remarkable feat. In this live recording with Fearne, Billy tells a packed audience in London how he's adjusted to life without legs, the trauma he still faces everyday, and his hopes for the future. Thanks to the sponsors of the Happy Place Festival, Rituals. Who create bath, body and home products designed to help you slow down and feel good. Visit\xa0rituals.com, where there's a welcome gift waiting for you... | It's hard to describe Katie Piper and her extraordinary career without using a bunch of words she dislikes: inspiring, heroic, brave... but use them we must, as Fearne discusses her life in front of a packed live audience at Happy Place Live. Thanks to the sponsors of the Happy Place Festival, Rituals. Who create bath, body and home products designed to help you slow down and feel good. Visit\xa0rituals.com, where there's a welcome gift waiting for you... | Megan spent a long time hating her body - and then, just three years ago, she discovered the body positive movement and her life changed. In this live interview with Fearne, she describes how she took that message to Instagram, how she deals with the haters (both online and in her head) and found her happy place. Content warning: contains references to anorexia, self harm. Thanks to the sponsors of the Happy Place Festival, Rituals. Who create bath, body and home products designed to help you slow down and feel good. Visit\xa0rituals.com, where there's a welcome gift waiting for you... | They have been friends for over half of their lives: working together, travelling the world... so it was only a matter of time before Reggie joined Fearne on the podcast. And just to make it extra special, this conversation was recorded in front of a live audience at the recent Happy Place Festival weekend in London. We'll be bringing you more live interviews over the coming weeks. Thanks to the sponsors of the Happy Place Festival, Rituals. Who create bath, body and home products designed to help you slow down and feel good. Visit\xa0rituals.com, where there's a welcome gift waiting for you... | Why do we have best friends? And what part do they play in finding our happy place? In this special bonus episode of Happy Place, Olympian track cyclist Victoria Pendleton and her BFF Sophie Everard discuss with Fearne their friendship and what it means to them. Triggers: reference to eating disorders, depression Thanks to our sponsors, Sweaty Betty, for arranging this interview with their brand ambassadors. Find out more about their amazing activewear, and - for one week more - get an exclusive special offer when you visit\xa0sweatybetty.com/happyplace \xa0 | Hozier makes you think. It's in his lyrics, in his music... even his music videos. So it's no surprise to find out that he spends a long time thinking about how he writes and performs his chart-busting songs. In this chat with Fearne, Hozier describes his approach to songwriting, how indecision can sometimes be his downfall, and why performing doesn't come naturally to him.       Thanks to our sponsors Sweaty Betty - find out more about their amazing activewear, and get an exclusive special offer, when you visit\xa0sweatybetty.com/happyplace \xa0 \xa0 \xa0  \xa0  \xa0   \xa0   | You would think that the bestselling author of Eat, Pray, Love would define her occupation as 'writer' - but, as she reveals to Fearne in this interview, most of her time is dedicated to managing her mental health. In this wideranging chat, Fearne and Elizabeth share their tips for navigating the stress of work, social media, the pressures of success and her tips for surviving.       Thanks to our sponsors Sweaty Betty - find out more about their amazing activewear, and get an exclusive special offer, when you visit\xa0sweatybetty.com/happyplace \xa0 \xa0 \xa0  \xa0  \xa0   \xa0   |       Up until the age of 28, Juno was known to most as the best-selling author of young adult fiction - James Dawson. But in that year, she entered the process of physically becoming the person she always felt she was and adopted the female pronoun. Now Juno talks to Fearne about the transition she's made, how she celebrates her femininity, some questionable fashion statements, and what we can all learn about her journey. Triggers: suicide, mental health, #metoo. This episode also contains a transphobic word that some will find offensive (in order to discuss its offensiveness). Thanks to our sponsors Sweaty Betty - find out more about their amazing activewear, and get an exclusive special offer, when you visit\xa0sweatybetty.com/happyplace \xa0 \xa0 \xa0  \xa0  \xa0   \xa0  ", 'chan_desc': 'Fearne Cotton talks to incredible people about life, love, loss, and everything in-between as she reveals what happiness means to them.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/d5/df/f2/d5dff2e9-1fe1-0b72-2c29-201ef8797856/mza_4240629851493804374.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-02-23'}}

{"Let's Talk About It With Taylor Nolan": {'title': "Let's Talk About It With Taylor Nolan", 'chan_url': "https://castbox.fm/channel/Let's-Talk-About-It-With-Taylor-Nolan-id1103287", 'num_comments': 5, 'author': 'Wave Podcast Network', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 862, 'play_count': 20374, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://letstalkaboutitwithtaylornolan.libsyn.com/website'], 'ep_total': 95, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '01:01:26', 0], ['2019-09-24', '01:27:58', 0], ['2019-09-17', '01:02:13', 0], ['2019-09-10', '01:12:40', 1], ['2019-09-03', '01:02:47', 1], ['2019-08-27', '00:56:57', 0], ['2019-08-20', '01:18:45', 1], ['2019-08-13', '01:02:47', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:31:48', 0], ['2019-07-30', '01:10:46', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Lindsey Hall, 5 years in recovery and in a life-long love affair with anorexia, exercise, bulimia and binge eating, shares candidly about her journey. As a writer she also discusses how PCOS has impacted her, and the two discuss being HAIRY! Lindsey’s Blog https://ihaventshavedinsixweeks.com @LindseyHallWrites https://www.instagram.com/lindseyhallwrites/ Mentioned: https://www.instagram.com/madelynmoon/ https://www.instagram.com/harnaamkaur/ | Taylor chats with @colby_mft, a sex therapist in Philly, to answer your questions on how to increase sex drive, if it’s healthy to be a virgin in your 20s, how to have sex post break up, non-monogamy, and more! RESOURCES:\xa0@\xa0colby_mft Books: More Than Two by Eve rickert Come As You Are by Emily Nagoski\xa0 | Author of “Relationship, Are You Sure You Want One?”, Simone Milasas, discusses her experiences with love, sex, and money.\xa0 Taylor and Simone share what conscious un-coupling can look like, how to spice up your sex life and have fun, and how to be intentional in what kind of relationship you are creating.\xa0 RESOURCES @simonemilasa https://www.simonemilasas.com https://www.accessconsciousness.com/en \xa0 | Julian Brass shares his journey from letting anxiety run his life to how he now owns his anxiety and uses it to his advantage.\xa0 He chats with Taylor about his new book, and the two share how they own their anxiety in their bodies, minds, and souls. \xa0 RESOURCES Julian Brass Book @julianbrass https://www.instagram.com/julianbrass/ | Taylor is joined by Emma Cohen, CEO and founder of Final Straw, a reusable straw paving the way to reducing our\xa0single\xa0use plastics.\xa0 The two discuss how to cope emotionally with being an entrepreneur and being so aware of our impact on the environment.\xa0 Emma provides tips on how to reduce your\xa0single-use plastics. \xa0 RESOURCES Taylor10 for 10% all straws!\xa0 Reusable alternatives:\xa0 Stasher Beeswax Yeti Hyrdoflask \xa0 | Taylor is joined by clinical psychologist and author, Dr. Scott Symington, to discuss the Two-Screen Method, an easy-to-use method to de-energize and break free for anxious thoughts and destructive feelings. \xa0 | Has a stranger ever asked you “what are you?” or have you ever asked this to a stranger? Taylor continues the conversation from her Instagram on how asking people of color, “what are you?” especially strangers, is offensive. RESOURCES @j_car35 For The Last Time, Don’t Ask A Stranger ‘What Are You?’ | Author of Return of the Gentleman, Dr. Dain Heer, shares how he’s been working with men to create a healthy version of what masculinity can look like.\xa0 Dain’s work also extends to energetic work in his program Accessing Consciousness, which allows men and women to harness their own power in changing their lives. \xa0 RESOURCES Website | Taylor is joined by @alex_elle, author and wellness consultant to discuss self-care and healing through journaling.\xa0 RESOURCES @alex_elle Website | Taylor is joined by Bachelor bestie Vanessa Grimaldi to share her feelings on the Bachelor in Paradise preview, the ladies discuss how they maintain a long distance friendship, how they navigate when their friends enter a new relationship, and reflect on the work they’re doing from the past relationships and current ones.\xa0', 'chan_desc': "On the Let’s Talk About I\u200et podcast, Taylor Nolan gets candid with various celebrity guests and experts. The podcast focuses on mental health, relationships, and personal development. Taylor's unique perspective comes from her studies in psychology and counseling, as well as her time spent on The Bachelor and Bachelor in Paradise reality TV shows.  Join Taylor each week, and let's talk about it. Please Subscribe on iTunes and leave a review. We read our reviews, and love to hear from our listeners.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/19/d5/62/19d56211-bfdf-e9b0-0c96-2e77b13986be/mza_2525328618531632856.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2017-12-04'}}

{'The Terri Cole Show': {'title': 'The Terri Cole Show', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Terri-Cole-Show-id2048072', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Terri Cole', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 803, 'play_count': 8875, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://terricole.com/'], 'ep_total': 214, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:22:57', 0], ['2019-10-04', '00:25:09', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:26:16', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:39:16', 1], ['2019-09-02', '00:21:23', 1], ['2019-08-26', '00:22:41', 0], ['2019-08-19', '00:25:15', 1], ['2019-08-12', '00:19:44', 1], ['2019-08-05', '00:22:11', 0], ['2019-07-29', '00:21:25', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'There\'s been a ton of news about the importance of vulnerability, but it is REALLY important that we are CONSCIOUSLY being vulnerable. "We need to fully understand what healthy voluntary vulnerability is." - Terri Cole. Learn more at terricole.com/214 | Dr. Shefali is a New York Times bestselling author of two groundbreaking books on parenting. Oprah has named her work as "revolutionary", and I do too! "Meditation is the pathway to self-regulation and self-care and manifestation." - Dr. Shefali. Learn more about this episode at terricole.com/213 | TODAY (Sept 30, 2019) is the LAST DAY to sign up for Boundary Bootcamp 2019! The doors are closing and it won\'t be available for another year! To prepare for Boundary Bootcamp, this episode is all about 4 hidden boundary killers that you probably haven\'t thought about. "I want you to waltz into 2020 like \'bring it universe!\'." - Terri Cole Learn more at terricole.com/212 | “I knew that I wanted to feel lit up, not trapped in these golden handcuffs of a life.” - Terri Cole. Learn more about this episode at terricole.com/211 | On today\'s show, I\'ll talk about some amazing things that you can do all on your own to help heal your trust issues and live a more fulfilled life. "You are the common denominator in your life, just like I am the common denominator in my life." - Terri Cole. Learn more about this episode at terricole.com/210 | How can we change anything without changing our underlying thoughts? I talk about finding real love and reprogramming your mind to be a master attractor. "There was so much more unconscious materials that I had yet to uncover in my own personal therapy, and when I did, I was able to understand my own repeating romantic reality and stop repeating it." - Terri Cole. Learn more about this episode at terricole.com/209 | Love bombing is a term used to describe a form of conditioning or manipulating behavior done with gifts, attention and affection. Listen in to learn more! "Push-back inspires punishment from someone who is using love bombing as a manipulation tool." - Terri Cole. Learn more at terricole.com/208 | We are talking all about how to raise your emotional IQ. It isn\'t the same as being an empath, your emotional IQ is a skill that you can actually BUILD! "When you become someone that you can trust, then the sky is the limit as to what you can create." - Terri Cole. Learn more about this episode at terricole.com/207 | How can you identify your own emotional triggers? I share with you 4 steps so you can respond instead of reacting when you are in triggering situations. "Unresolved trauma can make you very susceptible to having triggers." - Terri Cole. Learn more about this episode at terricole.com/206 | We\'re talking about boundaries in relationships and knowing your non-negotiable deal breakers to help you avoid getting into relationships with narcissists. “How someone responds to you making a simple request, will be very telling.” - Terri Cole. Learn more about this episode at terricole.com/205', 'chan_desc': 'If you enjoyed this episode of The Terri Cole Show, or you would like to learn more about practical psychology, achieving personal freedom, self-improvement, meditation, mindfulness practices, harnessing the power of intention, and real-life strategies for personal transformation come visit us at http://www.terricole.com.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/cd/f5/89/cdf589ab-8bc5-7f8e-4e47-ddd4064fd158/mza_3380772307733457308.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-09-13'}}

{'Your Motivational High 5': {'title': 'Your Motivational High 5', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Your-Motivational-High-5-id103743', 'num_comments': 5, 'author': 'TheStoryShop.tv', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 4477, 'play_count': 45080, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/Phil_Larson', 'http://thestoryshop.tv/ymh5'], 'ep_total': 126, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:12:23', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:10:47', 0], ['2019-08-30', '00:10:42', 1], ['2019-07-24', '00:12:57', 0], ['2019-06-28', '00:10:24', 0], ['2019-05-28', '00:12:37', 2], ['2019-05-27', '00:03:17', 0], ['2019-04-22', '00:12:56', 1], ['2019-03-19', '00:08:27', 0], ['2019-02-25', '00:09:57', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': "Peace does not have to be negatively affected by external circumstances. We can allowing those things to move us toward stronger internal peace. #YMH5 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! Patreon.com/YMH5 | Resentment becomes unhealthy when not addressed. We carry around this weight that begins to cause damage to our mental health. Getting rid of unaddressed resentment takes grieving the loss of this thing that served us. #YMH5 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! Patreon.com/YMH5 | We were built to persevere. The rewards are the experience and growth gained from the perseverance itself. What's your marathon? You can do it. #YMH5 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! Patreon.com/YMH5 | Lacey helps us see that trust on a grand level is helpful when desiring bigger and better things for your life. #YMH5 \xa0 Lacey’s audiobook: https://www.peverywhere.com/audio-book-1 \xa0 Connect with Lacy: Facebook Instagram | Anger is not bad. It is an indicator of the things that are important to us. However, our anger can be channeled in healthy or unhealthy ways. #YMH5 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! Patreon.com/YMH5 | Patience leads us to a more productive, quality-filled life. Patience helps us focus on what matter most. #YMH5 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! Patreon.com/YMH5 | Memorial Day should help us both tune-in to the past as well as the present. It all comes down to love, if we let it. #YMH5 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! Patreon.com/YMH5 | Stephen David Leonard gets vulnerable and lets us in on something he is grieving and working through. He shows us how to benefit from Rejection! #YMH5 \xa0 \xa0 StephenDavidLeonard.com LisaLeonard.com \xa0 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! Patreon.com/YMH5 | Disagreements are to be expected. As long as we circle back around to them with the goal of listen to another perspective, we can grow in empathy and learn something new. #YMH5 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! Patreon.com/YMH5 | Prayer should be seen less as religiously oriented and more seen as spiritual rejuvenation or a meditative practice. The purpose is to change you. #YMH5 \xa0 Support the podcast on Patreon! \xa0 Patreon.com/YMH5 \xa0 Reach Phil Larson: phil@thestoryshop.tv @Phil_Larson thestoryshop.tv/ymh5 YMH5 on Facebook Art by: bit.ly/ymh5art", 'chan_desc': "Feeling stuck? Try Your Motivational High 5, hosted by Phil Larson. It is the short, 5-minute podcast seeking to motivate you in the way of self-examination, developing good mental health, and empowering yourself to do incredible things. We are all about telling ourselves positive narratives as a way to combat and rewire the negative narratives we've believed much of our lives. Find support, realize you're not alone, and feel empowered to move forward!", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/05/51/de/0551deaf-26ac-ee26-db8d-b49c5837a9c8/mza_4518015820196701789.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-01-19'}}

{'The Slow Home Podcast with Brooke McAlary': {'title': 'The Slow Home Podcast with Brooke McAlary', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Slow-Home-Podcast-with-Brooke-McAlary-id1317146', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Brooke McAlary', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 7458, 'play_count': 53993, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/brookemcalary', 'https://www.facebook.com/jackrabbit.fm', 'http://www.slowyourhome.com/podcast'], 'ep_total': 291, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-11', '01:04:11', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:51:34', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:47:03', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:56:16', 0], ['2019-08-14', '00:56:57', 2], ['2019-08-07', '00:45:54', 2], ['2019-07-31', '00:51:53', 3], ['2019-07-24', '00:47:38', 0], ['2019-07-03', '00:16:37', 0], ['2019-03-27', '00:55:50', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': "Unbelievable though it may seem, today's episode is the final poggie of Season 3. (Time flies when you're having fun!)\xa0 Before Brooke and Ben get in to today's episode and the outstanding listener questions that have been submitted throughout the season, they begin on a bittersweet note as they bid a very fond farewell to two Slow Home team members.\xa0 Once they wipe away their tears and (literally) play Steph and Ryan off in to the sunset, Brooke and Ben dive head-first in to some terrific listener questions. These include: \xa0 Apart from people, what do you most miss about Canada and the US? And what are you most glad to have in Australia?Is it easier to live slower in Australia or in the US/Canada?What are you finding challenging in regards to slow living, and what are you doing in response?What area did you decide to buy and live in, and why did you chose that area?Were you ever nervous about not being close to the city, not being close to family and instead living in a rural area?Are you living mortgage free?Is there a slow way to manage money?Slow aspirations versus fast career path advice please?What is your ultimate ’slow’ date night?\xa0How have you gone re-buying things for the house? Slowly or all at once?\xa0Have you bought things you gave away when you left for your trip?\xa0What made Ben choose to go to therapy?\xa0What are your favourite books of 2019?\xa0Is Brooke currently writing a book?What poggies are you currently listening to?\xa0When will the next season of the podcast start?\xa0 As always, they do their do their best to answer these as honestly as possible (if not always, or ever, briefly) and end up discovering some really interesting things about themselves, their experiences of the past couple of years, and how they're each feeling now. Season 4 of the poggie will be in your ears late October, and until then, take it slow! Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season3Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!Support the show. | This season has been an exploration of slow living through a variety of different lenses, looking at what constitutes ‘slow’ from new perspectives.Today’s episode, the second-last of the season, is no different as Brooke chats with author and Japanologist Beth Kempton about slow living through the lens of Japanese culture. Or more specifically, through the lens of wabi sabi.Complex to define, wabi sabi is an exploration of acceptance and contentment. An acknowledgement of the true nature of life and as such is a really powerful way of shifting our worldview.Beth introduces Brooke to this complex nature of wabi sabi and they discuss how the idea of perfect imperfection can impact the way we purchase and consume things, the way we connect with people and the environment around us, and how it’s a welcome respite in a world that calls us to constant comparison and competition.They discuss whether wabi sabi, or any personal philosophy really, has the power to change the world as well as the beauty of creating and honouring pockets and rituals of slowness in a busy life.Questions featured in this episode:\xa0What is wabi sabi?Wabi sabi is the opposite to many of the things harming people and planet – mass consumption, convenience, keeping up with the Joneses etc. Do you think it has the power to change the world?You write that wabi sabi helps us to seek meaning beyond materialism. How does it do that?Do you think that contentment – as opposed to outright brilliant happiness – is something worth striving for?What are some small rituals that we can adopt in to our lives now that help us to bend and stretch time, slowing it down and making it feel abundant?Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season3Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!Support the show. | You may know by now that the fashion industry is one of the leading planet polluters,\xa0 and you also may know that fast fashion (cheap, poorly made fashion that's created for very short-term wear) is a huge part of the problem.\xa0One of the best solutions is to start buying second-hand clothes, but if you're a little clueless about how to start thrifting or if you feel intimidated every time you step in to a vintage store, this episode is for you.\xa0Brooke chats with Emily Stochl, a passionate thrift shopper who has the best advice on how to get started, how to make sure your bargain is money well spent and why it's important to take it slow when thrifting.\xa0Emily also talks about the rise of 'eco fashion' on the high street and why we need to be cautious of greenwashing in the fashion industry, and shares why second-hand shopping is one of the most effective, fun, self-expressive ways to lower our personal carbon footprint.\xa0Questions featured in this episode:\xa0What's your primary motivation for thrifting? Is it environmental, the thrill of the hunt, finding things no-one else wears?\xa0What's the first step to begin our second-hand shopping journey?How can a devoted shopper begin to slow their fashion habit?\xa0What do we need to be aware of when donating our unwanted clothes?\xa0What are your thoughts on the rise of eco fashion in the high street?Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season3Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!\xa0Support the show. | Often on the podcast we dance around the topic of technology - usually viewing it as something that gets in the way of our efforts to slow down and live a more mindful, sustainable life. But what if we embraced technology and viewed it as the greatest opportunity we have to change (or maybe even save) the world?In this week’s episode Brooke chats with Katie Patrick, an environmental engineer and designer who applies data-driven, gamification, and behaviour-change techniques to solve the world’s environmental problems. Katie brings with her a completely new perspective on what it’s going to take to change the world, and it’s a refreshing, hope-filled, imagination-fuelled joy to listen to.Brooke and Katie talk about the important relationship between slowing down, getting creative and making an impact on the world, as well as what letting go of the idea of goals and success has done to Katie’s own life. Katie also shares how imagination and day dreaming might just hold the key to getting more people to care about the planet, and why we need to shift the current narrative away from doom and gloom, to one of opportunity and hope. \xa0Questions featured in this episode:\xa0What role does optimism play in our ability to change the world?Why do we need to slow down in order to access our creative potential?If we lead busy, full lives, how can we make space and time for creativity, particularly when it feels like a ‘nice to have’ rather than a necessity?What’s the link between optimism and taking action?Why do you think the current environmental, climate crisis messaging is falling flat for so many people? What can we do to change it?Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season3Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!Support the show. | Is there a link between the rise in consumerism, the endless advertising messages that assault us thousands of times a day and the increase in body image issues? According to today’s guest, Kali Gray, the answer is a resounding yes.\xa0Kali is a body confidence expert and a “non diet” dietician and in today’s episode she and Brooke discuss the the relationship between food security and body image issues, while also looking at the crossover between slow living and the work of reframing our perspective on food, self-care, self-worth and the food we eat.Kali also turns the interview tables around on Brooke at one point, sparking a conversation on how big changes such as these take time, and no matter how well-versed we are in consumerism, health, wellness, body image and food, there’s always going to be part of us that requires a little extra love and empathy.\xa0Questions featured in this episode:\xa0Capitalism and consumerism are both linked to our dissatisfaction with ourselves and our bodies. How do you encourage people to recognise that and make changes so that we get to decide what is good and right for us individually?It’s counter-cultural to teach and encourage people to love themselves and accept themselves as they are, particularly in the face of a society that teaches us to find fault in our bodies from a very young age. Is that something that comes naturally to you?We both encourage people to ask the question WHY? Why do we do what we do? Why do we buy what we buy? Why do we eat what we eat? Do you find that once we begin to uncover that why, it becomes simpler to start making changes?As a process, this asking why and digging deep is uncomfortable. How do you encourage people to accept that this is outside their comfort zone and move through regardless?You highlight mindful eating as a way to begin to heal our relationship with food, but what actually is it to eat more mindfully?Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season3Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!Support the show. | Today’s episode features the powerhouse that is Sheri Salata - creator of The Pillar Life.com and The Sheri and Nancy Show and author of The Beautiful No.Brooke was lucky enough to meet Sheri in person in LA during her book tour, and we’re thrilled we’ve finally had the opportunity to have her on the show. She and Brooke chat about her journey from executive producer of The Oprah Winfrey Show to where she is now, her approach to slowing down, spirituality, the second half of life and more.Questions featured in this episode:You've changed your life significantly over the past few years - what was the catalyst for those changes?You talk about going through a process of 'reckoning'. What did your reckoning look like?How do you balance finding joy in the present moment and working towards your big life goals?Do you think we need to reach a crisis point in order to reevaluate our lives? Or is there a way of manufacturing that awakening without hitting rock bottom?How did you learn to make ‘no’ a part of your vocabulary?What can people do to start this process of reevaluation, excavation and reinvention in their own lives?Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season3Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!Support the show. | One question we get asked a lot at Slow Home HQ is how can we find our passion and make it our work. It’s something so many of us grapple with, which is why we’re so excited to have Blaire Palmer on the show today.Blaire is an ex-BBC journalist turned business owner, who under the moniker A Brilliant Gamble works to help people unpick the industrial-age conventions of work and find a fulfilling way forward that works for them.In her chat with Brooke, Blaire shares her own story and the shifts she’s made to the way she works, how we can redefine work and the way we do it, the power of bringing humanity to your job, and the brilliant gamble of selling her house and travelling with her daughter for 7 months.Questions featured in this episode:You’ve spent the past few years unpicking the industrial age conventions of work: What are they?When did you start to question these conventions?How do we start to shift the system?How can we redefine what success looks like?\xa0What was the catalyst to shift from working long hours to the way you work now?What was the call to return and put down roots after travelling?Did you ever find an approach to balance that worked for you while travelling, and that works for you now?Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season3Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!Support the show. | Hello, and welcome to season 3!We‘re thrilled to be back, and even more thrilled to share today’s conversation with slow fashion expert and advocate, fibre artist, writer and crafter Katrina Rodabaugh.She and Brooke talk all things slow fashion: why Katrina got started, how her fashion-fast experiment became her lifestyle, the art of mending, creating systems and networks for thrifting and more. They also talk social media and the importance of ‘showing the cracks’, the trade-offs of going slow, and how to start slowing down your wardrobe. It’s an incredibly inspiring and practical conversation, and we hope you enjoy!Questions featured in this episode:What did your fashion fast initially look like?What surprised or challenged you in that first year?Was the idea of convenience something you had to overcome?You also grow and forage dye plants on your property and the colours you create are incredible – is this something new for you?Do you think there was a stigma attached to mending clothes, and do you think it’s shifting?Where can people get started with slow fashion?Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season3Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!Support the show. | Oh hello there!In this sneaky episode Brooke and Ben pop in with a mini-hostful and an update on what’s been happening over the past few weeks. Plus there's talk of what's on the horizon (lots of good stuff).\xa0\xa0First of all they've got a huge thank you to give all our listeners for the understanding, encouragement and patience they've received as they took a wee break to tilt into finding a new rhythm for life in Oz.They also talk about what they’ve been up to, how they’ve been feeling since they got back home, and then go on to share what’s coming up for the next season of the show.\xa0So listen in to get the goss and stay tuned for Season 3, which will be in and around your earholes on Thursday 25th July!See you then friends.Support the show. | We’re going out with a bang this week, ending season 2 with a hostful full to the brim with your amazing questions. It’s been a while between catch ups, and Brooke and Ben kick off by answering the question of the season – when are they coming home? Are they ever coming home? You’ll have to listen to find out!As well, they talk about everything from goals to their proudest moments, what they want to bring into their lives next and what they want to let go of, how to stay slow on a commute and more.\xa0Thank you so much for joining us for Season 2, we’ve loved hearing your thoughts and hope you’ve enjoyed all the chats. We’re taking a few weeks off, but will be back for Season 3 on the first Thursday in May. Until then, take care!Looking for more Slow?Find show notes, resources and links at\xa0slowyourhome.com/season2/Follow us on Instagram @slowhomepodSign up for our love lettersJoin the Slow Experiment Club over on PatreonOr leave a rating or review in iTunesAs always, thank you for listening!Support the show.", 'chan_desc': "We live life in the fast lane. We race to keep up with The Joneses. We are over-worked, over-connected and over-stressed, and we compete on how busy and important and sleep-deprived we are. But we don't have to. There is an ever-growing group of people who are saying no to life lived at 110%. They are opting to slow down, simplify, say no and focus on the things that are truly important. Brooke McAlary, founder of SlowYourHome.com, is one of them, and in this podcast she chats to others who have adopted a similar approach to life: simple living, slowing down, opting out, saying no. Learn what makes people change, how life is different, and what their advice is to anyone looking to get out of the fast lane.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/48/44/f6/4844f633-3a27-6c6c-dcf3-6736e0dc6eab/mza_3061386793601588146.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2015-04-12'}}

{'Thinner Peace in Menopause': {'title': 'Thinner Peace in Menopause', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Thinner-Peace-in-Menopause-id1366196', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Dr. Deb Butler', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 795, 'play_count': 14758, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://drdebbutler.com/blog'], 'ep_total': 182, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-01', '00:19:37', 0], ['2019-09-24', '00:44:46', 1], ['2019-09-17', '00:23:34', 0], ['2019-09-10', '00:33:53', 0], ['2019-09-03', '00:44:44', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:19:14', 0], ['2019-08-20', '00:19:59', 2], ['2019-08-13', '00:36:41', 0], ['2019-08-06', '00:36:21', 0], ['2019-07-30', '00:37:00', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Do you ever wonder why weight and food is such a hot topic for women? I have. There is so much shame and hopelessness for women of all ages. All of the women I talk to feel so much negative emotion that it’s hard to charge their relationship with food. Because they’re using food to …  Ep 182 How to Start Using a Thinner Peace Mindset Read More »The post Ep 182 How to Start Using a Thinner Peace Mindset appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | Do you believe that people who lose weight will gain it back? If you do, then it will be very hard to keep the weight off. Because, you will be creating fear inside of you on a regular basis. And fear never leads to powerful action. In this episode I coach Lauren who had this …  Ep 181 The Power of Self-Kindness to Lose the Weight and Keep it Off Read More »The post Ep 181 The Power of Self-Kindness to Lose the Weight and Keep it Off appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | Today’s episode is all about wasting food and what you think about that. Because how you think about about wasting food will determine how you treat your body. If you think you must always eat the food on your plate, your weight will probably always be a problem. I share with you an incident with …  Ep 180 You Are Not Wasting Food When You Don’t Clean Your Plate Read More »The post Ep 180 You Are Not Wasting Food When You Don’t Clean Your Plate appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | Everyone who hires me wants to lose weight more than anything! They think they will feel so much better when they lose the weight. What they really is want to feel better, a LOT better. They think their weight is the reason they don’t feel good about themselves. There is a huge burden that they …  Ep 179 Releasing the True Burden of Your Weight – Interview with Stephanie Read More »The post Ep 179 Releasing the True Burden of Your Weight – Interview with Stephanie appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | I know sometimes you THINK you just want to eat something sweet. Or, you THINK you want to join everyone else with wine. Or, well, you name it… There are so many ways we indulge, thinking we’re being kind to ourselves. In this episode I coach Sara on just this topic. BUT, what I’m actually …  Ep 178 Your Past Does Not Define You – Coaching Session with Sara Read More »The post Ep 178 Your Past Does Not Define You – Coaching Session with Sara appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | Do you ever wish you could be on vacation more? Do you wonder why? It boils down to what you think about vacation. And guess what? Most of those thoughts are happy thoughts. What if you could borrow those same thoughts in your “regular” life? Just think how much happier you might feel. Vacation doesn’t …  Ep 177 Think Like You Are On Vacation Read More »The post Ep 177 Think Like You Are On Vacation appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | In this episode I address how to start no matter where you are in the journey of awareness and weight loss. Most people when starting something new want to wait for that perfect moment. But really the perfect moment is right here, right now. If you want to feel better immediately, just start with one …  Ep 176 How to Start Where You Are Now Read More »The post Ep 176 How to Start Where You Are Now appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | Have you ever wondered what my most successful clients sound like before they start working with me? Well… wonder no more. In this episode I coach one of my most beloved clients talk about how her life has become joy filled, since she started working with me. She stopped roaming the kitchen at night and …  Ep 175 How to Create a Joy-Filled Life by Stopping Night Time Eating. Interview with Carol Read More »The post Ep 175 How to Create a Joy-Filled Life by Stopping Night Time Eating. Interview with Carol appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | Do you ever wonder why you like to eat more at night than at any other time during the day? Do you believe you can’t control yourself at this time? In this episode I coach a podcast listener on a letter she wrote to me. If you’ve ever wondered why and how to stop this …  Ep 174 How to Stop Night Time Eating – Live Coaching Session Read More »The post Ep 174 How to Stop Night Time Eating – Live Coaching Session appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler. | I LOVE pizza! This is what Paula said to me many times in our early sessions. But the truth was that as long as she believed she loved pizza, she gave away her power to pizza. Of course, she believed she had no control over food. Look what she was thinking. Do you really know …  Ep 173 How to Take Your Power Back! Interview with Paula Read More »The post Ep 173 How to Take Your Power Back! Interview with Paula appeared first on Dr. Deb Butler.', 'chan_desc': 'If you\'ve been on a diet your whole life and now menopause is making it harder than ever to be happy and to lose weight (AGAIN), then join Dr Deb Butler. Dr Deb is a Certified Master Weight Loss and Life Coach, and instructor for Brooke Castillo and The Life Coach School, and will help guide you past your struggles and teach you the mindfulness of paying attention to the connection between your body and your mind. It\'s always been there... she\'ll help you remember what you forgot! If not now, when? So say “No” to diets and restricting and "Yes" to a new, mindful you! Subscribe now to learn more.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/4b/b8/02/4bb802ea-3eaa-56ed-b564-852634d8dc2c/mza_190041724458261640.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-04-12'}}

{'The Bubble Hour': {'title': 'The Bubble Hour', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Bubble-Hour-id4673', 'num_comments': 13, 'author': 'The Bubble Hour', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 819, 'play_count': 20070, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/TheBubbleHour', 'https://www.blogtalkradio.com/bubblehour'], 'ep_total': 250, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:59:04', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:56:25', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:02:01', 0], ['2019-09-09', '01:06:09', 1], ['2019-09-02', '00:57:32', 0], ['2019-08-27', '00:53:25', 0], ['2019-08-20', '01:11:00', 1], ['2019-07-30', '01:11:28', 0], ['2019-07-23', '01:02:11', 0], ['2019-07-15', '01:08:24', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Maria reflects on aspects of life that contributed to her increased alcohol consumption as a way to cope. Motherhood, divorce, and work pressures were handled more and more often using wine as a release valve until the need for change became overwhelming.Now in her third year of sobriety, Maria looks back on her alcohol trajectory without regret, because it has helped her to evolve to a better way of life. | Lori was functioning well in her high-pressure career and alcohol was both a problem and a crutch. Her addiction kicked into overdrive when she had to deal with an overwhelming family issue, and this ultimately led her to make a much-needed change. She learned the difference between being simply \'dry\' and true recovery, along with other discoveries along the way.Lori celebrates her second soberversary by sharing her story. | Keith Keller is a recovery expert and activist, and author of "The Infinite Recovery Handbook".To learn more, visit www.infiniterecovery.org | Mo suffered through public embarrassment due to her drinking and has embraced life without alcohol for the past nine months. She shares her story, including insights on gastric bypass surgery, going to her first recovery retreat, and sober life in wine country. | Alyson Premo began Sober Mom Tribe as a way to being together women who were feeling isolated as moms in recovery. Her goal is to create connection and eliminate the shame and stigma of being alcohol free in a culture that pushes "mommy juice" and "rose all day" on women as the wolution to every day stress. | Friends Liv Pennelle and Tiffany Thoen had such great discussions about recovery that they decided to start recording them. The result is the new recovery podcast "Breaking free Recovery" www.breakingfreerecovery.comLearn more about Liv at www.livsrecoverykitchen.com and check out her Bubble Hour interview Season 5 Episode 26 (April 2017)Tiffany\'s website is www.coachtiffanyrn.com | By all accounts, Jacob was a young man with success in his sights. He was a law student and student body vice-president - all the things that are assuring to others as a sign of a positive youth. Listen as he explains why things went sideways, how he took back his power, and what it is like to spend his life helping others.\xa0Learn more about Jacob at www.hopeguides.com and www.treehouserecovery.com | When the guest doesn\'t work out as planned, UnPickled and Bubble Hour followers save the day by sending questions and topics to help fill the hour.PS - On vacation for two weeks after this episode, so back in mid-August.Links to other episodes mentioned in this show:Chris Engen Nurtition for Recovery\xa0https://www.blogtalkradio.com/bubblehour/2019/06/05/chris-engen-of-nutrition-for-recoverySarah Roberts Sarah Talks Food\xa0https://www.blogtalkradio.com/bubblehour/2019/02/12/guest-sarah-robertsDanielle of Real You Revolution (re interventions)\xa0https://www.blogtalkradio.com/bubblehour/2014/10/27/high-functioning-alcoholics--addiction-in-the-c-suite | Author Patti Clark has been described as a cross between Elizabeth Gilbert and JuliaCameron.\xa0Her book \'This Way Up: Seven Tools for Unleashing Your Creative Self\xa0and Transforming Your Life\' \xa0was the winner of the prestigious InternationalExcellence Best Self-Help Book of the year in 2017. Patti is an accomplished speakerand workshop leader, sharing her knowledge and wisdom with others for more than30 years in several countries.\xa0Patti has been featured on TVNZ’s Breakfast Show and numerous radio shows andpodcasts; her work has been featured in publications such as The Wall StreetJournal, The Boston Globe, Thrive Global \xa0and The Mindful Word.\xa0Patti’s links:http://www.thiswayupbook.com/https://patticlark.org/\xa0Books, authors and podcasts discussed in this episode:“The Artist’s Way” by Julia Cameronhttps://juliacameronlive.com/Brene Brownhttps://brenebrown.com/Anne Lamotthttps://www.ted.com/speakers/anne_lamott“In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts” and “When the Body Says No” by Dr. Gabor Matehttps://drgabormate.com/“Recovery Revolution” podcast, Omar Pintohttps://omarpinto.com/“Chasing the Scream” by Johann Harihttps://2018.johannhari.com/ | Jenn\'s 40th birthday party was one that left her feeling a truth that couldn\'t be ignored. The heavy use of alcohol to offset the pressures of being a trial attorney and a busy wife and mom was taking away more than it was giving to her, and she decided to make a change.', 'chan_desc': 'The Bubble Hour is hosted by Jean M., a sober woman dedicated to breaking down the walls of stigma and denial surrounding the disease of alcoholism.\n\nAlcoholism effects more than 50% of American adults, either directly or indirectly, and yet it still remains a "taboo" topic and is still mostly misunderstood by the majority of people (even those effected by alcoholism and their loved ones).\n\nThe Bubble Hour seeks to inform, educate and help people identify with the stories they hear, the conversations and interviews with people who are just like they are, and let people know they aren\'t alone. Nobody can take the first tentative steps towards sobriety without first getting past denial, but even once they are past denial the stigma surrounding alcoholism is so strong that people are reluctant to seek help.\n\nThe Bubble Hour would like to change that stigma. Jean and the vibrant community of sober people who join her here, will be recording and offering this show for anyone to listen to for information, community, empathy and understanding.\n\nWe are so grateful for the sober people who came before us to help find this path; this is one way to give back.\n\nPlease help us spread the word about this website and the pod casts; you may be helping someone you know well but don\'t even know they have a problem.\n\nAlcoholism thrives in the dark.  Together, we bring light.  And hope.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/05/05/20/0505201d-3e94-a075-6c8d-e777471c18a4/mza_2143263914531539983.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2012-11-19'}}

{'Happiness Podcast': {'title': 'Happiness Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Happiness-Podcast-id1084246', 'num_comments': 30, 'author': 'Dr. Robert Puff Ph.D.', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 72523, 'play_count': 201546, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/HappinesPodcast', 'https://www.facebook.com/HappinessPodcast', 'http://www.happinesspodcast.org/'], 'ep_total': 242, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-04', '00:16:39', 1], ['2019-09-27', '00:24:02', 2], ['2019-09-20', '00:18:19', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:18:39', 3], ['2019-09-06', '00:17:54', 3], ['2019-08-30', '00:18:11', 11], ['2019-08-23', '00:15:43', 1], ['2019-08-16', '00:19:16', 5], ['2019-08-09', '00:16:01', 1], ['2019-08-02', '00:19:11', 2]], 'hover_text_concat': 'We work so hard for someday in the future. \xa0But perhaps we can find how vacations can really help us enjoy the journey of life now. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 | Work takes up for a significant portion of our time throughout our lives. In this podcast, we explore 3 ways to find happiness and enjoyment in the workplace. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 | How are we to live our lives well if all things in the universe must adhere to the law describing that everything moves in the direction of a state of order to a state of disorder? \xa0Discover our beautiful options in the new episode. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 | Sometimes in life we face very difficult challenges. When they arrive, we have 3 choices of how deal with them. One solution is healthy, the other two solutions cause ongoing suffering. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 \xa0 | In relationships with others, whether partners, friendships, family or enemies, when things go wrong, our focus should be on our behavior and far less on the how the other person reacted. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 | Life can be so challenging sometimes that we aren\'t even sure if life is worth living anymore. If you know someone going through such a hard time, he or she may find this podcast helpful. \xa0\xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 | In this episode, we explore what is meant by having "a beautiful life" and the steps we can take to have this life. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 | As we grow older and often more affluent, we lose our peace of mind and feel trapped by all that we have. We explore the lessons of youth and having less. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 | In this episode, we explore the benefits of sending lovingkindness to others and how everyone benefits from this practice. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0 | Sometimes as we travel through life, we experience acts of meanness that can take our breath away. In this podcast, we explore 3 healthy responses to this unkindness. \xa0To learn more about the Happiness Podcast, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org. To learn more about Dr. Puff\'s Corporate Workshops, go to: http://www.SuccessBeyondYourImagination.com\xa0\xa0', 'chan_desc': 'Do you ever wonder what it takes to lead a peaceful, happy life? Are you curious about the specific steps involved in a self-actualized, limitless life? Are you struggling with anxiety or depression? Or are you just plain tired and want some help? We explore all these concerns and more every week on the Happiness Podcast, which has been downloaded over 7 million times since its inception. Happiness does not happen by chance, but because we take specific actions in our lives to create it. Dr. Robert Puff, Ph.D., author of 13 books, TV show host, Psychology Today blogger, and corporate trainer, has been studying the actions it takes to reach the highest levels of human achievement for decades, and he wants to share what he knows with you. Come and explore, along with millions of others from the Happiness Podcast, Dr. Puff books, Psychology Today blog, and corporate workshop attendees, the specific steps to take so that you can soar in your life. To learn more, go to: http://www.HappinessPodcast.org/', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/6f/17/60/6f176027-d228-dbdc-18e3-38fae005c5ed/mza_5677018353689635612.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2011-05-09'}}

{'Happy as a Mother': {'title': 'Happy as a Mother', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Happy-as-a-Mother-id2382880', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Erica Djossa', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 20, 'play_count': 57, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://happyasamother.libsyn.com/happyasamother.co'], 'ep_total': 7, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:53:17', 0], ['2019-09-21', '00:52:22', 0], ['2019-09-21', '00:52:26', 0], ['2019-09-20', '01:01:38', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:45:58', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:47:08', 1], ['2019-09-20', '00:26:03', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Do you have a picky eater? Do you have a child who won’t sit to the table? Do you have a toddler who throws food? Then boy oh boy this episode is for you! Toddler dietitian Kacie Barnes share numerous insights in this episode. Her approach to helping moms feel less stressed and guilty about meals times is extremely reassuring and approachable! | Raise your hand if you have a vagina?! Now raise your hand if you have ever talked about how it looks, the procedures it’s had or when things just don’t feel quite right down there?! Vagina health is not something that many women talk about, but it is incredibly important! Especially in the postpartum period! OB/GYN Dr.Staci Tanouye joins us to discuss ways to have a happy postpartum vagina, which includes knowing when you’re ready for sex postpartum. Get the show notes here:\xa0https://bit.ly/2m6A9em | Is it normal to pee a little when you laugh, cough or run? Is urine incontinence during pregnancy and postpartum normal? And if so, how long should it last? Pelvic floor physiotherapist Jeanice Mitchell of My Pelvic Floor Muscles is on the show today to answer all of these questions and so much more! Find the show notes here:\xa0https://bit.ly/2m3cCuX | Do you struggle with postpartum body acceptance? I know I have. Many women struggle with comparing their postpartum bodies to their pre baby bods. After three boys in three and a half years, a tummy full of stretch marks and a pelvis that doesn’t quite function the way it used to, I’ve had to relearn how to love parts of my body that seem foreign.\xa0 Today, body image expert Dr. Morgan Francis joins this episode to help us better understand body image and how we can learn to embrace our bodies. Find the show notes here:\xa0https://bit.ly/2lZGpVw | There is so much miscommunication around taking medications during pregnancy and while nursing. The reality is that few doctors are thoroughly trained in reproductive psychiatry and many moms gets misinformed when it comes to medication to their mood and anxiety medication. Listen in to today’s episode where Reproductive Psychiatrist\xa0 Dr. Kristin Lesseter gives research based information about medication during this precious time and shares resources where you can confidently fact check your medications prescribed by your doctor. \xa0 Find show notes here:\xa0https://bit.ly/2krftNO | Do you experience mommy rage? Do you ever lose it on the kids or your spouse and wonder when/how your fuse has become so short? Listen in as Dr. Ashurina Ream of Psyched Mommy shares why mothers experience mommy rage and ways that it can be managed. Together we\xa0explore whether rage is common, whether it is a symptom of something deeper and whether it is something that can be overcome. Let's learn how to say good bye to mommy rage! Show notes can be found here:\xa0https://bit.ly/2m7dP4h \xa0 \xa0 | Perhaps you are here because you struggled with postpartum depression and anxiety. Perhaps you are here because the adjustment to motherhood wasn’t what you expected. Maybe you have lost yourself in motherhood and miss your old life. Perhaps you are struggling to cope with the load that motherhood brings or you are drowning in mommy guilt or rage. It could be that you have a passion for knowledge and want to be empowered through the expertise of some badass professional women. Whatever the reason, there is a place for you here. The Happy as a Mother Podcast has something valuable to offer each of you. Get your show notes here:\xa0https://bit.ly/2moVvnu", 'chan_desc': "How do I cope with the load of motherhood? How do I raise good humans when I'm just trying to survive? How can I take care of my own mental health? And the biggest question of all: how do I redefine myself after going through the metamorphosis of motherhood?On the Happy as a Mother Podcast, host and psychotherapist Erica Djossa teaches strategies to help you cope with the psychological and emotional load of motherhood, guides you on a journey of self love and acceptance, and answers your tough parenting questions. Erica shares the best kept secrets of the therapy world, bringing you knowledge and education that puts you in the driver's seat of your emotional and psychological well being. Along with sharing her knowledge, she interviews other professionals (psychologists, pediatricians, psychiatrists, fertility specialists, lactation consultants, and more!) who provide their expertise to empower you on your motherhood journey.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/0c/c3/86/0cc38654-d51e-d3e4-cd4e-a1cade886712/mza_1936449657000730938.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-09-20'}}

{'Love and Abuse': {'title': 'Love and Abuse', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Love-and-Abuse-id2013603', 'num_comments': 12, 'author': 'Paul Colaianni', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 384, 'play_count': 10033, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://loveandabuse.com/'], 'ep_total': 32, 'recent_eps': [['2019-09-25', '00:37:33', 0], ['2019-09-16', '01:01:08', 1], ['2019-09-04', '00:35:28', 0], ['2019-08-07', '00:51:59', 1], ['2019-08-03', '00:31:38', 1], ['2019-07-16', '00:18:55', 2], ['2019-07-10', '00:28:00', 2], ['2019-06-17', '00:36:47', 1], ['2019-05-28', '00:16:36', 0], ['2019-05-26', '00:19:14', 2]], 'hover_text_concat': "A suicide threat is the ultimate way to control an empathetic, caring person. When you're in a relationship with someone that threatens to kill themselves if you leave, you need to follow very specific steps so that 1. You aren't stuck in that relationship forever and 2. If they're truly serious about taking their own life, you figure out a way to help them not follow through with it. | Strangled on her wedding night, Stephanie McPhail endured years of a physically and emotionally abusive marraige. After getting the courage to stand up for herself, leave the relationship, and go on a healing journey that would change her life and help her meet the man of her dreams, she shared her story and what you can do to reach levels of fulfillment that perhaps you didn't think were possible. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on emotional abuse over at loveandabuse.com | When you are in love with the person mistreating you, is there a way to improve the relationship? Can you make them understand how much they're hurting you? And if you did, would it change the situation? In this episode, I read an email from someone whose emotional abuse turned into physical abuse, but she doesn't want to leave him because she loves him so much. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on manipulation and emotional abuse at loveandabuse.com. #loveandabuse | There are ways emotional abusers can make you feel crazy. They can tell you that you said something you didn't, and convince you that you did. They can tell you about a conversation you never had. They can move things on you and tell you nothing was moved. Someone with an agenda can alter your reality so much that you might actually GO crazy. In this episode I talk about crazymaking, and also dealing with the narcissistic ex when you have shared custody of the children. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on manipulation and emotional abuse at loveandabuse.com. #loveandabuse | Emotional abuse victims have a very difficult time trying to explain what's happening to them to friends and family. Often, loving, supportive people may side with the abuser because they simply can't see or believe that they are bad people. This leaves the victim feeling alone, with no one to turn to because their support system slowly disappears around them. This episode is meant to be given to family, friends, your attorney, your therapist, or anyone else that doesn't understand the depth of control and manipulation happening in your relationship. Think of it as an emotional abuse and manipulation translation guide. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on emotional abuse and manipulation, an assessment and healing guide for difficult relationships.\xa0 | When you're in the thick of a toxic relationship, all you can see is a dark future with no way out. This skewed reality can actually keep you in the relationship because you think it's the best you can get. Flushing yourself of the toxicity will help you see the brighter future there is. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on manipulation and emotional abuse at loveandabuse.com. #loveandabuse | Trying work as hard as you can to fix things you didn't break is exhausting and demoralizing. The first step to healing is realizing you're in it. The path to repairing the relationship is for the perpetrator to discover that they are being abusive and to care enough about you to want to change. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on emotional abuse and manipulation at https://loveandabuse.com | Judgment is the ultimate relationship destroyer. It is the key to creating a rift so wide that the relationship issues might get to the point of unresolvable. Once you reach that stage, there's no turning back. This episode lays out some key factors in helping the judgmental person become self-aware and change their behavior before they completely destroy the relationship. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on manipulation and emotional abuse at loveandabuse.com. #loveandabuse | It can be a challenge to see the signs of toxic behavior when you first start dating someone, especially if things seem to be going well. After all, who wouldn't want to be told they're wonderful and a dream come true? The beginning of a relationship is a great time to assess the other person's behavior to make sure they are showing up as authentic instead of putting on an act to eventually take away your power. Important episode no matter where you are in your relationship. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on manipulation and emotional abuse at loveandabuse.com. #loveandabuse | When someone in your life claims to have changed and promises to stop behaving badly, have they truly changed or are they just pretending? Telling the difference between the actor and the authentic person is a major step away from crazy making. Your sanity may depend on it. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on manipulation and emotional abuse at loveandabuse.com. #loveandabuse", 'chan_desc': 'Helping you identify toxic communication, emotional abuse, manipulation and other forms of bad behavior in relationships. Full of tips and advice for your friendships, family, love life and marriage. Revealing covert abusive communication that takes away your power. Learn to pinpoint the specific behaviors of toxic, narcissistic and verbally abusive people before you are dragged in to their game so deep you come out a shell of your former self. Love and Abuse is the official podcast of The M.E.A.N. Workbook on emotional abuse and manipulation at loveandabuse.com.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/8a/93/d9/8a93d947-2f0e-5dfc-52ed-e8200674ae95/mza_4716593668650670370.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-02-14'}}

{'Snoozecast: Stories for Sleep': {'title': 'Snoozecast: Stories for Sleep', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Snoozecast%3A-Stories-for-Sleep-id1964253', 'num_comments': 11, 'author': 'Snoozecast', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 309, 'play_count': 9698, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://twitter.com/snoozecast', 'https://www.facebook.com/snoozecast', 'https://www.snoozecast.com/'], 'ep_total': 118, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:30:48', 0], ['2019-10-04', '00:31:04', 0], ['2019-10-02', '00:32:00', 0], ['2019-09-30', '00:28:00', 0], ['2019-09-27', '00:32:00', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:30:48', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:30:08', 0], ['2019-09-20', '00:27:52', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:24:00', 0], ['2019-09-16', '00:30:24', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Tonight, we\'ll be reading a story called "The Adventures of a Spanish Nun" from the "Strange Storybook" by Mrs. Andrew Lang -- Leonora Blanche Alleyne, published in 1913. This story tells of a young woman who had been raised in a convent but had dreams of exploring the world. She then acts upon them, dressed as men, and full of exploits and daring.Support the show | Tonight, we’ll be reading, "A Voyage in the Dark" an excerpt from “In New England Fields and Woods” written by Rowland Evans Robinson in 1896. Robinson was in his time one of Vermont’s best known writers. This collection of short essays follows New England\'s changing seasons and moods in all its natural beauty. This particular selection is part of the late summer, early autumn.Support the show | Tonight, as part of our October classic horror series (every Wednesday this month), we’ll be reading the opening to "The Fall of the House of Usher", written by Edgar Allen Poe and published in 1839. This short story is a work of Gothic fiction and includes themes of madness, family, isolation, and metaphysical identities. Poe\'s inspiration for the story may be based upon events of the Hezekiah Usher House, located near what is now Downtown Crossing in Boston, MA. When the Usher House was torn down in 1830, two bodies were found embraced in a cavity in the cellar.Support the show | Tonight, we’ll be reading the second part to "Aladdin", our version is out of the Blue Fairy Book, edited by Andrew Lang in 1889. Aladdin is a middle eastern folk tale and is one of the tales from the Book of One Thousand and One Nights otherwise known as The Arabian Nights. In Part One, Aladdin is a lazy boy without a trade to earn money from, until a magician posing as his uncle tries to use him for a spell to receive great powers. By luck, Aladdin receives the magical powers of a magic lantern and a wish-granting genie for himself. He uses his powers to gain the daughter of the Sultan as his wife. We pick up at their marriage.Support the show | Tonight, we\'ll be reading from the "Tao Te Ching". This Chinese classic text is traditionally credited to the 6th-century BC sage Laozi. The text\'s authorship, date of composition and date of compilation are debated. The "Tao Te Ching" has multiple translations, in general "Tao" means "the way" or "the path", here\'s some examples of different opening lines:"The Tao that can be trodden is not the enduring and unchanging Tao."Translated by James Legge (1891)"The Tao-Path is not the All-Tao. The Name is not the Thing named."Translated by Aleister Crowley (1918)"The tao that can be told, is not the eternal Tao."Translated by Stephen Mitchell (1988)"If you can talk about it,it ain\'t Tao."Translated by Ron Hogan (1994)"The way you can go, isn\'t the real way."Translated by Ursula Le Guin (1998)Support the show | Tonight, we\'ll be reading the opening to the 1877 novel, "Black Beauty" by English author Anna Sewell. Due to a severe injury early in life, Sewell needed to use crutches to walk and developed a love for horses, as horseback riding gave her a sense of freedom.This novel became an immediate best-seller at the end of her life, with Sewell dying just five months after its publication, but having lived long enough to see her only novel become a success. With fifty million copies sold,Black Beauty is one of the best-selling books of all time. While forthrightly teaching animal welfare, it also teaches how to treat people with kindness, sympathy, and respect.Support the show | Tonight, we\'ll be reading an excerpt focused on tree spirits, from the 1890 book, "The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion" written by Scottish anthropologist Sir James George Frazer. The book scandalized the public when first published because it compared biblical stories to pagan rituals. Despite the controversy generated by the work, "The Golden Bough" inspired many authors from the period including: HP Lovecraft, James Joyce, Sigmund Freud, Carl Jung and T.S. Elliot.Support the show | Tonight, we’ll be reading from “Butterflies Worth Knowing” by Clarence Moores Weed in 1926. Weed was a New England based naturalist. He was the author or co-author of more than 20 books, many of them on insect pests and insect-plant relationships.Support the show | Tonight, we’ll be reading "The Red Headed League", a short story from "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes", written by Arthur Conan Doyle in 1892. In this story, which Doyle ranked as number 2 of his favorite top 12 Sherlock stories, the focus is on Jebez Wilson, the owner of a pawnbroker shop who sports a head of bright red hair and receives an invitation to join an exclusive club.Support the show | Tonight, we’ll reading a selection of South African folk-tales collected during the 19th century. It includes animal tales with classic wisdom, including The Monkey’s Fiddle and The Lost Message. These stories were collected by Dr. James Honey and published in 1910.\xa0Support the show', 'chan_desc': 'Welcome to Snoozecast, the podcast designed to help you fall asleep. New episodes are released every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Snoozecast is meant to be played as you get into bed.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/af/db/29/afdb2937-279b-4510-70e3-76daa2192291/mza_4914766414758800705.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-01-06'}}

{'Destination Heal with Ty Alexander': {'title': 'Destination Heal with Ty Alexander', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Destination-Heal-with-Ty-Alexander-id2263322', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Mayzie Media', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 49, 'play_count': 206, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.spreaker.com/show/destination-heal-with-ty-alexander'], 'ep_total': 10, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-06', '00:12:12', 0], ['2019-09-29', '00:09:10', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:11:42', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:17:41', 0], ['2019-09-08', '00:19:46', 1], ['2019-08-27', '00:10:44', 0], ['2019-06-13', '00:36:03', 0], ['2019-02-01', '00:25:05', 0], ['2019-01-09', '00:18:00', 0], ['2019-01-03', '00:02:42', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Confession, there’s a little bit of that girl in us all. In this episode, Ty gets real with herself about why she abandons greatness for procrastination and laziness. She sets a few goals for herself that are guaranteed to be useful AF to you. | With the holidays creeping up on us it’s easy to sink into situational depression. In this episode, Ty reveals how depression has held her hostage and how she keeps pushing even when there is little push left. | It’s time to lessen likability’s hold on you. In this episode, Ty breaks down our obsession with being well-liked and shares what she has unpacked about not being liked from her experiences living in New York. | Ty breaks down why ghosting should not be your first choice of communication and gives you a cheat sheet on how to be a better communicator. | Ty explores the idea of accepting death as a blessing rather than a curse. She also offers listeners advice on how to grieve without guilt while celebrating your own life. | In this episode, Ty celebrates "Be Kind to Humankind" week by asking, are you a kind person...to yourself? She helps you unpack what being kind actually feels like and gives you three approachable tips on how you can be kinder to yourself. Follow Destination Heal on IG: https://www.instagram.com/destinationheal/Follow me on IG: https://www.instagram.com/lovetyalexander/ | Ty Alexander hosted Destination Heal\'s inaugural #SelfCareIRL retreat in Mexico. She sat down for an intimate conversation with super-creative and web series creator, Tracie Mae. They chat about what it\'s like to be a motherless child, things they would have done differently, and how to cope if you\'re in the storm now.Follow Destination Heal on IG: https://www.instagram.com/destinationheal/Follow me on IG: https://www.instagram.com/lovetyalexander/ | In this episode, Ty gets super intimate about how she friends and really breaks down how she protects her own energy in any situation. She also gives you four gems that will help you keep your energy fresh and clean (without "saging" people to death!).Follow Destination Heal on IG: https://www.instagram.com/destinationheal/Follow me on IG: https://www.instagram.com/lovetyalexander/ | In the first episode, Ty unpacks what it looks like for her to maintain her sanity despite the mental abuse (aka negative self-talk) we all subject ourselves to, habitually! The true story is, we are all the queens of self-sabotaging. Follow Destination Heal on IG: https://www.instagram.com/destinationheal/Follow me on IG: https://www.instagram.com/lovetyalexander/ | Join best selling author, and lifestyle blogger Ty Alexander as she explores strategies and ideas for becoming your best self. This podcast will inspire you to take life by the horns and enjoy the ride despite your traumas or circumstances. Sharing the most intimate parts of herself with you...this is Destination Heal, a podcast by Ty Alexander.Follow Destination Heal on IG: https://www.instagram.com/destinationheal/Follow me on IG: https://www.instagram.com/lovetyalexander/', 'chan_desc': 'Join best selling author, and lifestyle blogger Ty Alexander as she explores strategies and ideas for becoming your best self. This podcast will inspire you to take life by the horns and enjoy the ride despite your traumas or circumstances. Sharing the most intimate parts of herself with you...this is Destination Heal, a podcast by Ty Alexander.Use the hashtag #DestinationHeal to chat about each episode on the Innanets! Website: http://destinationheal.com & http://lovetyalexander.comIG/FB/TW: @DestinationHeal & @LoveTyAlexander', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/b4/b4/e5/b4b4e5af-38ce-d398-fb2d-f71ce2d5f735/mza_3790001491110758118.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2019-01-03'}}

{'Design Your Dream Life With Natalie Bacon': {'title': 'Design Your Dream Life With Natalie Bacon', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Design-Your-Dream-Life-With-Natalie-Bacon-id1464935', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Natalie Bacon', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 268, 'play_count': 5059, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://nataliebacon.com'], 'ep_total': 54, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:21:21', 1], ['2019-09-25', '00:33:32', 1], ['2019-09-18', '00:31:40', 1], ['2019-09-11', '00:30:08', 1], ['2019-09-04', '00:22:22', 1], ['2019-08-28', '00:32:33', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:29:46', 1], ['2019-08-14', '00:28:09', 1], ['2019-08-07', '00:24:39', 0], ['2019-07-31', '00:19:19', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Are you someone who struggles to get ready in the morning? Rolling out of bed, throwing on yoga pants, and getting to the first item on your to-do list might seem like the best way to go about your day, but the truth is it\'s not.\xa0 There\'s a much better way, and it\'s about becoming the person you want to be right now through how you show up, including how you dress every day.\xa0 In this episode, I show you how you can get started showing up 100% every day and why it\'s so important to start right now.\xa0 Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/getting-ready-every-day-podcast/ | Have you ever felt like a complete imposter? That feeling that comes from doing something new, getting the result you want, then thinking you\'re completely inadequate and someone is for sure coming to take it all away.\xa0 Imposter syndrome is a huge problem and if you don\'t know how to solve it, you will self-sabotage and push away the very success you worked so hard to create.\xa0 In this episode, I share with you how to identify imposter syndrome and what to do about it so it doesn\'t ruin your success.\xa0 Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/imposter-syndrome-podcast/ | There are huge planning mistakes that may be costing you your future. Planning is the roadmap that gets you from where you are now to where you want to go. If you don\'t plan right, you\'re in trouble. You won\'t end up where you want. I\'ve narrowed down the most common and costly planning mistakes, and I\'m sharing them all in this episode. Listen to this episode to see if you\'re making any of these planning mistakes and what to do about it. Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/planning-mistakes-podcast/ | "I don\'t have enough time." "I\'m so busy."\xa0 "I wish I had more time."\xa0 Sound familiar?\xa0 You may not know this yet, but time is something you can actually control. You do this by creating a plan, then by learning how to manage your mind (your thoughts) around time. This will change your relationship to time. As a result, you\'ll create more time for yourself. You can have more than enough time.\xa0 You can have plenty of time.\xa0 You can love your time.\xa0 You can stop busying.\xa0 In this episode, you\'ll learn exactly how to do just that.\xa0 Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/time-scarcity-podcast/ | Have you ever wanted something so bad, then\xa0got it and pushed it away?\xa0 For example, you want more money. You create money.\xa0Then you spend the money before you even had a chance to\xa0have it.\xa0  Creating, having, and giving are all part of the process of achieving goals.\xa0  If you don\'t learn how to have what you create, you\'ll\xa0sabotage the very success you\'ve always wanted.\xa0  It\'s not just money. It\'s with every result you want but don\'t have yet. \u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200b\u200bYou\xa0want it so bad. Then you get it and don\'t know how to have it, so you get rid of it.\xa0You have to become someone completely different when you get what you want.\xa0You have to be the person who\xa0has it\xa0and give up the person who\xa0wants to have it.\xa0  Your brain will freak out.\xa0You\'re becoming someone new.\xa0  Allow the freak out. Learn how to be with what you\'ve created.\xa0 Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/creating-vs-having-vs-giving-podcast/ | Have you ever thought about how you want to find your passion?\xa0 What about how you want to create a life full of purpose?\xa0 The thing is, we\'re so confused about what passion and purpose are, it\'s not surprising that we\'re not feeling passionate or living out our life\'s purpose.\xa0 In this epsiode, I share exactly how you can create more passion in your life and choose the purpose that aligns with your deepest values and desires.\xa0 Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/how-to-find-your-passion-purpose-podcast/ | Have you ever felt like you\'re blaming someone else for how you feel? It feels useful and true to do this, but it couldn\'t be further from the truth.\xa0 The truth is your thoughts cause your feelings. Nothing outside of you causes you to feel anything. The government, your spouse, your boss, or your child cannot cause your feelings. A circumstance happens. You have a thought about it. That thought causes a feeling.\xa0 This is great news because it gives you your power back. You can always decide how you want to feel in every situation.\xa0 Wondering if you\'re acting like an emotional child? Listen to this episode to find out.\xa0 Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/emotional-childhood-and-adulthood-podcast/ | You probably shower every day to make sure your body is clean. In this episode, I show you how to give your mind that same daily cleaning. With over 60,000 thoughts per day, if you\'re not spending time thinking intentionally every single day (without distraction), you\'re going to be living in default, repeating more of what you\'ve thought in the past. Thinking time helps you manage your mind, achieve your goals, and create your dream future. It\'s a must.\xa0 Listen to this episode to learn exactly how to create a morning routine where you "clean your mind" like you do your body every day.\xa0 Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/thinking-time-podcast/ | Have you ever felt like "something is wrong"? If you answer yes it\'s because you have a human brain. We all have this going on in our brains in the background to some extent. It stems from having a "survival brain" that had to be on the lookout for danger all the time in order to quite literally survive. While this was super useful to get us to modern times, now it\'s getting in the way of our happiness, our goals, and quite honestly, our day to day life. In this episode, I show you what to do when your brain defaults to "something is wrong" so you can use it to your advantage and stop letting it get in the way of you living your best life. Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/something-is-wrong-podcast/ | Have you ever found yourself separating from other people? Sometimes it sounds like this...  She\'s so negative. She isn\'t into personal development. I can\'t stand how much she complains. We don\'t have anything in common.  While all these statements may be true, they may not be useful. In fact, they may be causing unnecessary separation. I\'ve been guilty of this, too. But what if we found ways to connect instead of ways to separate? You can redirect your brain to look for connection instead of separation. It won\'t do this naturally. You have to direct your brain. You have to show it how. I\'ve done this in my life and the result is magical. Listen to this episode to learn how to increase connection and have better relationships as soon as today. Learn more at:\xa0https://nataliebacon.com/separation-vs-connection-podcast/', 'chan_desc': "This podcast is for high achieving women who want to take their lives to the next level. Ready for more fulfillment, more money, and more freedom? Then this is for you. If you want to accomplish impossible goals, master your mindset, make more money, or build an online business, this is for you. I'm your host, Natalie Bacon, and I want to help you design your dream life. Learn more at NatalieBacon.com.", 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/06/af/7d/06af7d9e-e080-a446-b986-039ad9fc9d26/mza_8363817686194793724.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-10-23'}}

{'The Awake With Jake Show With Jake Woodard': {'title': 'The Awake With Jake Show With Jake Woodard', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Awake-With-Jake-Show-With-Jake-Woodard-id1304485', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Jake Woodard', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 184, 'play_count': 4107, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://jakewoodard.com'], 'ep_total': 113, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:23:26', 0], ['2019-10-05', '00:13:22', 0], ['2019-10-01', '00:21:19', 0], ['2019-09-28', '00:34:25', 0], ['2019-09-26', '00:53:06', 0], ['2019-09-23', '00:17:55', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:10:53', 0], ['2019-09-15', '00:15:59', 0], ['2019-09-12', '00:28:14', 0], ['2019-09-08', '00:18:34', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': "Welcome to episode #113! This is a live question and answer session that I did on instagram live where people submit their questions and I answer them Live. We dive deep into\xa0Breakups, Self-love, Forgiveness, and do a Guided Meditation at the end! | Welcome to episode #112! Healing wounded masculine energy! | Welcome to episode #111! This is a guided mediation to help you heal your inner child! | Welcome to episode #110! This is a live soul work session where I dive deep into people's questions.\xa0 Go to www.jakewoodard.com/retreats\xa0to apply! | Welcome to episode #109 an interview with Jeddy Azuma! Jeddy is a Rites of Passage Guide for Men leading wilderness initiations. He is the Creator and Host of “The Rising Man Podcast” He fights to liberate Masculine expression and is a Devoted Father & Husband.\xa0 Therisingmanpodcast.com IG: @jeddyazuma FB: https://www.facebook.com/jeddyazuma www.jakewoodard.com/retreats\xa0to apply! | Welcome to episode #108! 8 Reasons Why You Get Triggered.  It’s a part of your karma. It’s exposing insecurity or fear. You haven’t learned the lesson. Your ego is losing power or control. You still live in duality and see others separate from yourself. It’s mirroring something back to you that you haven’t healed. You’re still holding onto unconscious anger, hurt or sadness from your past. It’s triggering past wounds from not being able to trust your father or experiencing conditional love from your mother.  To apply for my next retreat go to www.jakewoodard.com/retreats \xa0 | Welcome to episode #107! On this episode I answer a question that I received from one of my listeners! www.jakewoodard.com/retreats | Welcome to episode #106! Why i quit my job. www.jakewooard.com/retreats | Welcome to episode #105! This is an episode that I did from an Instagram Live Q&A Session! www.jakewoodard.com/retreats | Welcome to episode #104! A guided meditation for cutting energetic chords and letting go! www.jakewoodard.com/retreats", 'chan_desc': 'The Awake With Jake Show was created to help you breakthrough mental barriers, gain clarity and awaken your heart so you can live a free and fulfilling life.Join Jake Woodard as he shares his own personal insights and interviews other highly successful entrepreneurs to also share their wisdom. Sharing their success and failures along their journey.Jake Woodard is an author, speaker and spiritual healer, who is passionate about helping others live a more spiritually connected and heart centered life. His inspiring story of overcoming his own struggles and challenges led him to finding his calling. He believes that the darkness helped him to find his light within.If you are looking to heal and awaken, create personal success, abundance, love, wealth, prosperity and happiness in your life, then this show is for you!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is5-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/68/a7/25/68a7254a-1e0f-a3a7-4ffb-c9ab54ceb2a3/mza_3891720843107583157.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-05-23'}}

{'The Struggle Bus: Self-Care, Mental Health, and Other Hilarious Stuff': {'title': 'The Struggle Bus: Self-Care, Mental Health, and Other Hilarious Stuff', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Struggle-Bus%3A-Self-Care%2C-Mental-Health%2C-and-Other-Hilarious-Stuff-id276830', 'num_comments': 3, 'author': 'Sally Tamarkin and Katharine Heller', 'isExplicit': 1, 'sub_count': 4588, 'play_count': 53050, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://strugglebus.libsyn.com/webpage'], 'ep_total': 169, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '00:59:33', 0], ['2019-09-19', '00:52:37', 0], ['2019-08-16', '01:01:04', 0], ['2019-07-26', '01:09:54', 0], ['2019-07-10', '00:58:34', 0], ['2019-06-14', '01:12:20', 0], ['2019-05-30', '01:01:32', 0], ['2019-05-17', '01:02:40', 1], ['2019-05-03', '00:45:30', 0], ['2019-04-18', '00:55:40', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'On this episode, Kate and Sally jibber jabber about impeachment, comedians who aren’t funny, the TV show GLOW, and hot water. Then they answer an email from a listener who is worried that the friend they’re in love with is ghosting them forever. 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 4:12 Opening Jibber Jabber 33:17 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 35:35 Email: When a friend you\'re in love with might be ghosting you forever 57:23 Song of the Week (Kate\'s pick) Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus    Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com\xa0    | On this episode, Kate and Sally jibber jabber about comedians who think they’re pushing boundaries, Stranger Things, and how you’re not alone if Kavanaugh has you feeling stressedavanaugh. Then they answer a listener’s question about how to take care of yourself while being a good and effective social justice warrior.\xa0 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 2:55 Opening Jibber Jabber (CN: talk of Brett Kavanaugh) 22:29 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 27:20 Email: How to take care of yourself while being a good and effective social justice warrior 52:00 Song of the Week (Sally\'s pick) Watch Sally live every Wednesday on "Stream of Blades"!     Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com\xa0     | On this episode Kate and Sally jibber jabber a LOT. They talk about how spies are generally really hot and what it’s like to get a standing ovation from a dog. They also talk about therapy, easy breezy gratitude practices, and one-minute meditations. Then they answer an email from a listener who wants advice about how to deal with having a homophobic dad. 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 3:26 Opening Jibber Jabber\xa0 37:40 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 43:07 Email:\xa0How to deal with having a homophobic dad 57:38 Song of the Week (Kate\'s pick) Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com\xa0 | On this episode, Kate talks about raging in therapy and Sally talks about ruthlessly managing her social life. They talk in detail about the Al Franken story in the New Yorker and the very good reactions that it has spawned. Then they answer an email from a listener who is looking for advice on how to deal with their strained relationship with their dad. 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 5:01 Opening Jibber Jabber 42:30 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 47:21 Email: Looking for advice on how to deal with a strained relationship with a parent 1:09:28 Song of the Week (Sally\'s pick) Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com\xa0 | On this episode, Kate tells a story about how sometimes you just need to hear the truth and Sally talks about being tested by god. They also talk about asking for help when you need it and doing housework as self-care. Finally, they answer an email from a listener who feels broke and broken and stuck in their job. 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 6:40 Opening Jibber Jabber 26:06 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 29:13 Email: What to do when\xa0you feel broke and broken and stuck in a job 57:59 Song of the Week (Kate\'s pick) Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com\xa0 | On this episode Kate and Sally jibber jabber about J*e B*den, the Tony Awards, and video games. Then they talk about taking Xanax to fly on airplanes. Finally, they answer a listener email about what to do when your job isn’t going well and is dragging you down in general. 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 5:19 Opening Jibber Jabber 49:25 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 52:17 Email: What to do when your job isn’t going well and is dragging you down in general 1:11:56 Song of the Week (Sally\'s pick) Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com\xa0 | On this episode Kate and Sally talk about Moby’s alleged creepiness as a person and also as an instagram user. Then they talk about Game of Thrones and shows about pets that are actually about humans. Finally they answer an email from someone who wants to know how to earn back their partner’s trust. 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 4:07 Opening Jibber Jabber 42:19 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 43:22 Email:\xa0Earning back a partner’s trust 1:01:09 Song of the Week (Kate\'s pick) Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com\xa0 | On this episode Kate and Sally talk about slaying childhood dragons, being a reactive fan of Game of Thrones, and the nest-building behaviors of house finches. Then they answer an email about whether to cut toxic friends out of your life. If you\'re worried about (and want to support) reproductive freedom, here are two great organizations that could use your money: The Yellowhammer Fund National Network of Abortion Funds Also, check out this great post by Adam Carl on men and reproductive freedom: Adam Carl’s FB Post (now on Medium) 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 3:07 Opening Jibber Jabber 41:52 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 44:33 Email: Whether to cut toxic friends out of your life 1:01:35 Song of the Week (Sally\'s pick) Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com | \xa0 On this episode Kate and Sally talk about Buffy and Game of Thrones fandom. Then they explain how to find a struggle buddy. Sally talks (at length) about being aggrieved by many people. Katharine explains the origin of #strugglepodbuds420. Then they…just keep jibber jabbering. This is the first episode to not feature a an email from a listener seeking advice. 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 10:18 Opening Jibber Jabber 37:14 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 45:00 Song of the Week (Kate\'s pick) Support us on Patreon! www.patreon.com/thestrugglebus Theme song by\xa0Marty Scanlon! twitter.com/mcscan Read\xa0The best $16 I ever spent: Old Navy pajamas after my husband left\xa0by Rachel W. Miller:\xa0www.vox.com/the-goods/2019/4/25/18512898/rachel-w-miller-best-money-old-navy-pajamas twitter.com/sallyt twitter.com/spkheller www.strugglebuspodcast.com | On this episode, Kate and Sally talk about being tired, using earplugs, meeting celebs we admire, and canceling therapy. Then they answer listener emails about telling a crush you’re crushin’, whether you need to tell your parents everything, and what to do when the person who sexually assaulted you is dating someone else on campus who might now be in danger. 00:00 Welcome to The Struggle Bus 3:22 Opening Jibber Jabber 16:00 A Thing We Did (for Self-Care) 21:55 Email #1:\xa0Telling a crush you’re crushin’ and whether you need to tell your parents everything 34:01 Email #2: What to do when the person who sexually assaulted you is dating someone else on campus who might now be in danger 54:48 Song of the Week (Sally\'s pick)', 'chan_desc': 'The Struggle Bus is an advice show about mental health, self-care, and just getting through the damn day. Co-hosts Katharine Heller (@spkheller) and Sally Tamarkin (@sallyt) answer listener questions about family, friends, work, mental health, love, and literally everything else — no topic is off-limits and no problem is too big, too small, or too weird. Climb aboard and get advice from two friends who have lots of feelings and lots of opinions.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts113/v4/19/be/0d/19be0d8a-a992-b8dc-1eca-76a80e875c11/mza_2484220879063445386.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2014-08-04'}}

{'This Jungian Life': {'title': 'This Jungian Life', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/This-Jungian-Life-id1245227', 'num_comments': 4, 'author': 'Deborah Stewart Lisa Marchiano Joseph Lee', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 1397, 'play_count': 27870, 'ch_feed-socials': ['http://www.ThisJungianLife.com'], 'ep_total': 79, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-03', '01:08:55', 2], ['2019-09-26', '00:57:05', 1], ['2019-09-19', '01:07:18', 0], ['2019-09-12', '01:10:21', 1], ['2019-09-05', '01:04:12', 1], ['2019-08-29', '01:03:48', 0], ['2019-08-22', '01:07:14', 2], ['2019-08-15', '01:07:43', 0], ['2019-08-08', '01:07:17', 1], ['2019-08-01', '01:12:44', 1]], 'hover_text_concat': 'The death of a loved one is a loss that is part of the human condition and is universal. The Stranger -- mortality -- confronts us with a new need to accept the reality of our loss and pain, a process that can include ambivalent feelings. Relief and anger can be mixed with love and grief. Altogether, we must adjust to an absence where once there was presence, relearn how to experience the world of relationship, and perhaps take on new life responsibilities at a time of emotional turmoil. Ego may find itself first helpless, then bereft of the soul and spirit needed to reweave life and meaning. There is also the need to balance one’s continuing internal connection with the deceased and the task of moving on with one’s life in a fulsome way. \xa0 Dream “There was a man (though he seemed not simply a man but some combination creature or child like or otherworldly-maybe something that can turn into something else) and he was lying down and sort of whimpering. He was wearing a long light colored robe. Then I realized that on his side he had a large gaping wound and rotting flesh and there were birds, many, families of birds feeding on his flesh. He was in great pain but also kind of trance like and internal. I had to help him. It was a grave situation. He couldn’t help himself. He was helpless. He seemed pathetic. It would be a really long painful death. I didn’t know what could help but thought maybe if I took a hose and I could force the birds off with water. I did that and maybe someone was helping me because as I hosed it seemed there were another set of hands “cleaning” or holding the birds that came off. It was arduous. I thought it was a great infection and how could I get him or it to a hospital. Then I woke up.” \xa0 References Olson, Susan. By Grief Transformed: Dreams and the Mourning Process (Amazon) Blackie, Sharon: If Women Rose Rooted: A Life Changing Journey to Authenticity and Belonging (Amazon) https://www.griefshare.org | Hey TJL Fans, There’s a great Jungian conference in Minneapolis MN this November 1 & 2. Here’s a link to the flyer and since it’s by ‘invitation only’ just say, “This Jungian Life sent me” and you’re in! https://irsja.org/irsja-invitational-conference/ We three will be attending and if you see us be sure to say hello. Cheers Lisa, Deb, & Joseph \xa0 INFERTILITY: When the Mother Archetype Fails to Constellate Medical technology has given the problem of fertility a scientific veneer. Our Promethean ability to manipulate gestational mysteries has wrested power from what was once the domain of the gods. Fulfillment of the promise of pregnancy seems to lie within reach, although it may entail incurring financial debt and enduring intense emotional cycles of desire, hope and disappointment. Holding the tension between the fire of psychic activation and physical incarnation is an age-old theme. Many fairy tales begin with a couple going to great lengths to fulfill their longing for a child, only to then confront the shadow aspects of desire. Human fertility is not limited to the physical gestation of a baby. Its essence, creativity and futurity, also includes ideas, energy, and goals. New life does not come from the conscious side of the personality alone. \xa0 Dream “I’m visiting a childhood friend and his Father. He has joined the military, and killed a lot of People, which has led to a nasty drinking habit. We drink together. He has formidable skills with a rifle. We wrestle together (for fun). I win. I give him a piece of advice: "make sure you know why you kill People before you kill them" the Dream ends when I realize I can’t drive home because I’ve been drinking. Considering a taxi, but too expensive.” | Complaining is universal, perhaps, like gossiping, one of the first uses to which developed language was put. Overall, a complaint can refer to a perceived legal injustice, medical symptom, or other personally painful matter. The chronic complainer feels a lack of agency, and implicitly pleads for emotional support and/or effective action from another. A complaint may therefore range from a request for empathic engagement to an effort to assign responsibility to others. Listeners have a felt sense of a complaint’s legitimacy; we resonate to injustice and its reparation in the tale of The Goose Girl. We feel exasperation with the heroine’s petulant entitlement in the tale of The Princess and the Pea, and take satisfaction in the punishment of greed in The Fisherman and His Wife. A chronic complaint is a call to identify and understand an underlying problem rather than externalizing it. \xa0 Dream “There was a man (though he seemed not simply a man but some combination creature or child like or otherworldly -- maybe something that can turn into something else) and he was lying down and sort of whimpering. He was wearing a long light-colored robe. Then I realized that on his side he had a large gaping wound and rotting flesh and there were birds, many families of birds feeding on his flesh. He was in great pain but also kind of trance-like and internal. I had to help him. It was a grave situation. He couldn’t help himself. He was helpless. He seemed pathetic. It would be a really long painful death. I didn’t know what could help but thought maybe if I took a hose I could force the birds off with water. I did that and maybe someone was helping me, because as I hosed it seemed there was another set of hands “cleaning” or holding the birds that came off. It was arduous. I thought it was a great infection and how could I get him or it to a hospital. Then I woke up.” \xa0 References Video: It’s Not About the Nail (YouTube). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4EDhdAHrOg Sieff, Daniela. Understanding and Healing Emotional Trauma (Amazon). | Although these Jungian concepts have become familiar psychological terminology, they remain difficult to understand. According to Jung, animus and anima are innate psychic structures shaped significantly by the archetypal world, whereas the shadow is predominantly shaped by personal experiences of ego formation. Whereas shadow tends to be rejected, animus and anima fascinate and attract. Although images like sol / luna or yin / yang amplify the a priori nature of these inner opposites, the animus corresponds to the paternal Logos and the anima to the maternal Eros. Parents are the first external experience of this innate predisposition, and a developmental psychic trajectory may be inferred from mythology and individual dream images. Animus and anima represent adaptation and attitude to the inner world; they serve as the bridge to the collective unconscious and are experienced as “other.” \xa0Dream In the first scene, my guy and I are watching each other masturbate over Skype. He\'s in his house and he ejaculates on his real wood floor. In the second scene, we\'re in my parents\' house; they aren\'t there but there are children\'s toys around. He masturbates himself and ejaculates on their laminate wood floor. I\'m anxious about this and clear up. In the third scene, I arrive in a cavernous Victorian public restroom below ground level, in London. The first chamber is a men\'s urinal and lots of men are pleasuring each other, it\'s a lively scene and they invite me in but I refuse. I move to another chamber, which is a spa, but I don\'t go in. In between the two chambers is a lecture theatre, and my guy is giving a work presentation to an audience. He doesn\'t acknowledge my arrival and I sit next to the projector under the raked chairs where the audience is sitting, and watch him present. He won\'t be able to see me, as he\'d be blinded by the projector, but I can see him. \xa0References: Anima and Animus by Emma Jung | Healing a Negative Mother Complex As the mother is the generator of life and usual primary attachment figure, the mother complex is universal. As the image of a “personified affect” fueled by an archetypal core, the mother complex is especially powerful. In its negative aspect, it may arise from a mother who was experienced as uncaring, attacking, possessive, withholding, absent, or wounded. It is likely to show up in relationships with others and in the relationship with oneself. Fairy tales like The Raven and Six Swans teach us that healing a negative mother complex takes time and perseverance—and that we may be aided by an animus prince or an anima princess, images of the autonomous unconscious. By responding to the turmoil of the mother complex one can embrace the task of finding the mother within.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Dream "Last night I had a dream I was in a cave that had mosaic designs all over the walls. They were old ancient ruins like from Ancient Greece or Turkey. The first one was of some type of fertility goddess-like Ishtar or Lilith, but I can’t remember the details exactly. But the image frightened me, and I was afraid to go inside. Then above the ruins, there was a church. It was an Eastern Orthodox Church. It sort of reminded me of the Hagia Sofia. A painting of the Black Madonna was hanging on the wall. All the church members were women and the pastor was a woman as well. I don’t recall what we were talking about or what the pastor was saying, but I was transfixed upon that painting. That’s all I can remember." References Book: Elinor Oliphant is Completely Fine by Gail Honeyman YouTube: Clay Weiner (“Videos”: Mothers Day) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAxfh8ukosQ \xa0 | While psychiatric diagnostic labels often reify the complexities of psychological dynamics, they can also orient us to the essential qualities of a particular emotional and behavioral field. BPD is characterized by difficulty with affect regulation, intense and unstable interpersonal relationships, impulsive behavior, and a tendency toward highly polarized emotions: idealization/elation versus devaluation/despair. BPD is associated with early relational deficits, especially in caretakers’ capacity to maintain connection when their child is angry or aggressive. If intense early emotional states have not been well moderated, they can take on the force of emotional tsunamis, overwhelm the ego, and lead to impetuous and self-harming behaviors. A deep therapeutic and human process can re-inspire the possibility that one can find one’s center in a human relationship. \xa0 Dream "A dog-like creature is climbing on my mother’s shoulder, wounding her ribs with its claws. It is trying to hug her shoulder while she is attempting to get rid of it. The brown dog is crying desperately. I am there as well and turn around to avoid seeing the scene. My mother pulls the creature to the floor, violently opens its mouth and pours poison into it. The brown dog is crying desperately. I am there as well and turn around to avoid seeing the scene." \xa0 References Blog: Lifeinabind.com Book: Stop Walking on Eggshells: Taking Your Life Back When Someone You Care About Has Borderline Personality Disorder; Paul and Randi Kreger Book: Understanding the Borderline Mother; Christine Lawson \xa0 | We all procrastinate. Tasks from making a doctor’s appointment to preparing taxes to doing the laundry invite us to put off until tomorrow what we can postpone today. We may distract ourselves by going online, doing errands, or minimizing the time a job will take. Although procrastination signals that a given task is hard and emotionally charged, it buys only temporary escape from anxiety. Furthermore, procrastination can lead to disappointment in oneself that can undermine the self-confidence needed to face subsequent challenges. We are called to the hero’s journey in confronting the dragon of deficiency that inhabits our inner world as procrastination. If we dare to begin, we can find the help we need, and may discover that the task itself is not as onerous as we imagined--and that we are more. \xa0 Dream I\'m in what looks like a large garage. There is a band playing for maybe 15 people. A man with the mic asked me who I wanted to hear play. I automatically said “Anthony Green” who is an artist I haven\'t listened to since college. He happened to be in the audience and he got up on stage. The band started playing “Dear Child.” It\'s a joyous-sounding song with a lot of energy. A line that repeats is “I\'ve been trying to reach you, but my extension cord wouldn\'t reach that far." As the band was playing, a bunch of little fires started on the floor and the walls. Everyone including me was running around putting out the fires with our bare hands and by stomping. The band kept playing this whole time. The mood was still light and joyous despite the "emergency." Most of the fires were out. I saw through a vent in the wall that there was a raging fire in the basement. I looked back up and the entire room had transformed into a much more industrial and bigger building. It was some kind of modern factory. A woman who worked in this building took me to the stairs to get into the basement so we could put out the fire. She was around my age. We started going down the stairs and at the bottom of the stairs was a big dark tunnel. I started flipping random switches to try and turn the lights on so I could get to the fire. After maybe 10 seconds of failing, the woman ran into the dark toward the fire without saying anything. I woke up. While awake I listened to the song again and read along with the lyrics. I was in shock when I heard "Dear sleeper, you could have had the better bed. I loved to watch the way you grew." I felt like my psyche was saying that directly to me. \xa0 References Prochasa, James. Changing for Good: A Revolutionary Six-Stage Program for Overcoming Bad Habits and Moving Your Life Positively Forward. \xa0  New York Times article on procrastination | If the passage into fullsome adulthood is avoided, a person can be trapped in the world of childhood. This protected realm is a nexus of potential, defined by avoiding the rigors of the real for the pleasures of possibility. Peter Pan, who chose to remain in never-never-land, is a well-known image for the flighty ingenuousness of the puer or puella. What stops libido from becoming more grounded in order to engage in more purposeful, ego-strengthening commitments? Charles Dickens’ Bleak House portrays a protagonist who felt that dedication and discipline were intolerably confining. Rapunzel, however, broke out of her elevated tower when a prince kindled her desire to bond in a more earthly way. If an initiatory experience does not activate libido, and the protected world of childhood is not sacrificed, entrapment in a marginal life may ensue. \xa0 Dream I was in a dark forest at night with my youngest son (he\'s 10). We were standing at the top of an exterior staircase attached to a house, which was situated at the edge of a large clearing in the forest. The house had bright spotlights shining onto the clearing, and I could see small animals all wandering through it. I felt like I wanted to go into the forest, but had to wait for something. I saw movement out of the corner of my eye. A mountain lion had appeared on the edge of the clearing. As soon as it stepped into the clearing, it changed into a very large snake. It began slowly making it\'s way through the clearing, killing the small animals. It was killing them, but not eating them. I saw it begin to "devour" a smaller poisonous snake. The large snake had it\'s head tipped back in such a way that I could see it had a hole in the underside of it\'s throat. So it was clamping the smaller snake with its teeth, swallowing, and pulling it through its mouth, but the smaller snake was falling out through the hole in it\'s neck back onto the ground. My son and I began to run down the stairs and skirt around the edges of the clearing. I needed to get into the forest at a certain location and it was on the far side from the house. I stopped briefly when I noticed a dead kitten right at the edge of the forest. It had been ripped in half by the snake. Another kitten was there. It was so young it\'s eyes were not open. It was trying to crawl into the forest for safety. I felt...like I was rooting for it. Hoping for it to survive. But I had no urge to pick it up and help it. The large snake noticed us running. It changed back into the mountain lion and began after us before we could get to the far end of the clearing. I noticed a hunter\'s tree stand just inside the forest at the side of the clearing we had made it to. We ran for it. I kept checking to make sure my son was still with me. I began running up the stairs to the tree stand, and when I reached the top, noticed he was no longer with me. I panicked, began looking around. I noticed a black panther was now in the trees below the stand, jumping from branch to branch. The mountain lion was staying back because of it. The panther jumped up into the tree stand beside me, and changed into my son. "I keep forgetting I do not need to be afraid for you" I said to him. And then I woke. | Although only some of us talk aloud to ourselves, all of us have inner voices, even if we are not aware of them. These autonomous parts of ourselves provide running commentary on how and what we are doing. Are our inner commentators friendly and supportive, or critical and attacking? We turn to fairy tales, stories that arise from the collective unconscious, for wisdom about our relationship with those parts of ourselves that tend to operate autonomously. The Ill-Fated Princess must climb a mountain to confront and befriend her “bad Fate,” after which her destructive unconscious complex befriends her. In Vasalisa the Beautiful, a loving mother gives her daughter a doll that provides good advice in difficult situations. The bad Fate and Vasalisa’s doll illustrate the process of noticing how we relate to other parts of ourselves—and by changing a negative inner dynamic we become more whole. \xa0 Dream I am alone in Aunt Gloria’s house and I know I’m there because I am house- and pet-sitting for her. There are several cats I’m taking care of but suddenly a bird flies in the window and all the cats are chasing it. Then a stray cat gets in and all are hissing and bristling. I run down the stairs and there are two mice on an armrest, but one appears almost dead. When I look closer, it is dead and there is a note by it that says something like “Satan, I know you could’ve done this deal yourself.” I look up and a bedraggled and skinny old man is standing at the top of the stairs and I know then his name is brandy-mouthed Bob. I’m frightened of him. He comes down the stairs toward me aggressively and said, “ Should we throw some punches?” I didn’t know what to do so I grabbed his skinny wrists and tried to hold his arms back, afraid he would bite me. | We define dating as the quest for serious partnership or ongoing companionship. Today’s dating world is radically different from that of even a generation ago, and is light years away from previous generations. Dating apps and social media expedite and expand the range the search for a suitable other - and often turns dating into an exercise in personal marketing. Dating also now spans an age range from teens to older - even elderly - divorced or widowed adults. If today’s dating culture provides individuals with autonomy and choice, it also denies them the safeguards provided by family, religious, and cultural norms. The online persona may be very different \xa0from the actual person, from age and appearance to character misrepresentation. Lacking social context and mutually understood social norms, individuals are required to be more aware of what they seek in another. They also need to be more aware of the projections and relational complexes to which they are susceptible. \xa0 Dream I was in a big Catholic cathedral; maybe in Spain or Italy. A mass was about to start. A usually generous friend of mine pushed passed me and took the last seat with a good view, one-in from the end of a row. Then I was standing near what seemed to be the tower of an Anglican church, which stood inside the Catholic cathedral. The doors of the tower flew open and a 2 metre tall black plinth on wheels was pushed out. On the plinth was a devilish/trickster character in a black Renaissance costume, making a scary face like Hannibal Lecter. I felt some fear but also the thrill of the theatrical spectacle.', 'chan_desc': 'Eavesdrop on three Jungian analysts as they engage in lively, sometimes irreverent conversations about a wide range of topics. Join them for discussion of news events, family dynamics, personal issues and more as they share what it’s like to see the world through the depth psychological lens provided by CG Jung. Half of each episode is spent discussing a dream submitted by a listener. Lisa, Joseph and Deb went through their Jungian training together, becoming friends and developing working partnerships. Now they are engaged in a new creative venture with a spirit of adventure and hope you will join them.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is2-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/6b/4c/19/6b4c19c2-684d-cc8c-7f34-fb7d616699a0/mza_4253177548769089447.png/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2018-04-18'}}

{'The Save The Marriage Podcast': {'title': 'The Save The Marriage Podcast', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/The-Save-The-Marriage-Podcast-id1164772', 'num_comments': 0, 'author': 'Lee H. Baucom Ph.D.', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 816, 'play_count': 13305, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://savethemarriage.com/stmblog'], 'ep_total': 316, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-02', '00:27:07', 0], ['2019-09-25', '00:25:01', 0], ['2019-09-18', '00:23:22', 0], ['2019-09-11', '00:27:33', 0], ['2019-09-04', '00:26:47', 0], ['2019-08-28', '00:27:16', 0], ['2019-08-21', '00:21:46', 1], ['2019-08-14', '00:17:10', 2], ['2019-08-07', '00:22:42', 1], ['2019-07-31', '00:24:13', 0]], 'hover_text_concat': 'For awhile, I have been answering listener-submitted questions, and continue to do so in this episode (if YOU want to ask a question, send it to podcast@savethemarriage.com).This week, I respond to a couple of questions about a spouse\'s indifference and/or resistance to attempts at connection.It can be frustrating when you so desperately want to rebuild a marriage. \xa0Maybe your spouse claims to want the same. \xa0Maybe your spouse just doesn\'t respond much at all. \xa0A little conversation... that goes nowhere. \xa0Or attempts at conversation... that go nowhere. \xa0It can feel frustrating and defeating.How should you understand the situation?What can you do about it?Can you make progress?We discuss these questions (and more) in this episode of the Save The Marriage Podcast. \xa0Listen below.RELATED RESOURCES3 Step Process3 C\'s of Doing ItImportance of ConnectionWhen Spouse Can\'t See A WayResentment and AngerSave The Marriage System | Jared was a bit more pointed in his question. \xa0But to be fair, I HAVE been asking for people to submit questions. \xa0And he did.He told me straight up, "You tell me to connect with my spouse. \xa0Well, I\'ve been trying to do that. \xa0If I\'ve been trying and it isn\'t working, what are you gonna teach me that will make a difference?"Fair question.So I responded to it in this episode of the podcast.Jared continues on about my "Easy" approach to saving a marriage. \xa0So, just to clarify here and in my podcast, I never said "Easy." \xa0I did say "Simple." \xa0Many things are simple, but not easy. \xa0Never confuse the two. \xa0My attempt is to simplify the process, so that you do not get overwhelmed. \xa0This is not some "self-working, no effort necessary" approach. \xa0Anyone who claims to have that is simply lying.On the other hand, I think I can clarify and simplify the process, so that you know exactly what to do.But I tell you why in the podcast.And no, Jared, you don not "have" to do anything. \xa0But if you want to do something to work on your marriage, I am here to help. \xa0So, let\'s talk. \xa0First, listen to the episode below for my response to your question.RELATED RESOURCESWhat Swiss Cheese Has To Do With Your MarriageYour Efforts MatterYour WHY of Saving Your MarriageWhen To Throw In The TowelSimple, not EasyThe Save The Marriage System | "I need some encouragement," the note ended. \xa0The writer is a listener of my podcast and admitted the hard work that has gone into trying to save his marriage.At the same time, another listener asked about whether this effort -- the work to save her marriage -- was just a "waste of time." \xa0Could I, the writer wanted to know, point to some hope? \xa0Some reason to continue the efforts.If you haven\'t felt like these two writers, I\'d be surprised. \xa0And would be super-surprised if it did not emerge at some point in the process.Working on a marriage crisis can feel like a slow slog through a deep bog, hip-high in quicksand and sludge. \xa0It can feel like it threatens to pull you under.Those are the times we need some encouragement and direction. \xa0Some... as one asked... hope, and as the other asked... encouragement.I don\'t believe in false hope. \xa0I tell it like it is... and encourage you to take the steps you need to take. \xa0I shoot straight and tell the truth. \xa0So, first, let me say that I do not (and have never) claim that every marriage can be saved. \xa0Even if you do everything right, your spouse may still refuse to move toward the relationship.I also know that there are two good outcomes. \xa0First is to save your marriage. \xa0Second is to rest assured that you did everything you could do to save your marriage.My encouragement: \xa0There is one way through this. \xa0And that is THROUGH this. \xa0Regardless of outcome, YOU WILL BE OK. \xa0And YOU get to choose how you respond to this and every other challenge in life. \xa0So respond the best you can. \xa0Do your best. \xa0Rest in that knowledge.Oh, and make sure you prepare yourself to do your best. \xa0Equip and execute. \xa0You\'ve GOT this!RELATED RESOURCESConnection Versus ConfusionCan Every Marriage Be Saved?Can This Marriage Be Saved?"How I Saved My Marriage"Control What You CanYou Need A PlanThe Save The Marriage System | Lately on the podcast, I have been answering listener questions. \xa0And quite a few have come in about how depression affects a marriage. \xa0Does depression cause a crisis? Or do people get depressed because of the crisis? \xa0Or... and this is more central to the question... how do you deal with depression and a marriage crisis?Depression is a reality for many people. \xa0And depression is a part of a marriage crisis many times.The question is how you move through both crises: \xa0depression and a marriage crisis.In this podcast, I discuss the effects of depression, some thoughts about causation, and how to deal with the depression while addressing the relationship crisis.RELATED RESOURCESBeat Depression SeriesShowing Up In MarriageConnection in MarriageSave The Marriage System | Question: \xa0does an affair cause marital problems or do marital problems cause affairs?Answer: \xa0YES.Longer answer: \xa0for the majority of affairs, weak points in the marriage create a vulnerability to infidelity. \xa0There is another necessary element... but problems do cause vulnerability. \xa0But when infidelity is committed, the problem deepens. \xa0Affairs end up creating both a personal and a marital crisis... often for both spouses.And then, there is the aftermath... what comes AFTER the affair is ended.In this episode of the podcast, I tackle two submitted questions:"What causes an affair? \xa0Why did it happen in OUR marriage?"and"What is the typical aftermath in an affair for the spouse who broke it off?"In these two cases, the questions are not academic. \xa0They are wound up in the marital crisis that is unwinding... or stuck... and infidelity is a major issue.If you are in the midst of a marital crisis, your relationship could be vulnerable... and if your spouse (or you) has committed infidelity, this can help you understand what might happen when the affair is ended.Listen below.RELATED RESOURCES:Other Affair EpisodesConnection and MarriageBook: \xa0Recovering From InfidelityProgram: \xa0Save The Marriage System | I\'m still answering your questions! \xa0If you have a question you want me to cover on the podcast, just SEND ME AN EMAIL HERE.Today, we cover "time." \xa0Or more specifically, "How Long?" \xa0The questions come from 2 listeners, "B" and "J."B asked about how long it takes to recover from broken trust. \xa0He follows up with wondering about PTSD symptoms and breaking trust. \xa0If your relationship suffers from broken trust, I cover the issue of healing time... and what you can do about that time.I also go into some discussion about trust and trauma, to make sure you understand how that might affect your relationship.And J is interested in how long to keep up the efforts before you "throw in the towel." \xa0J says that they are in a "lock." \xa0I disagree, and I cover how to think through the stuck spot... what it means, why you might be wrong, and how to keep on moving forward.Trauma, Time, and Towels. \xa0I cover them in this episode of the Save The Marriage Podcast. \xa0Don\'t miss it! \xa0Listen below.RELATED RESOURCESWhat You CAN ControlTrust and MarriageImportance of ApologyShowing UpSave The Marriage SystemBooks by Lee | "A" has been trying to set boundaries with her husband. \xa0Trying to get the treatment she deserves. \xa0Trying to get the relationship to a healthy spot.But then, her spouse throws a little shade her way... rolling eyes, using a demeaning tone. \xa0What should she do to set a boundary on that?, she asks.During the last few episodes of the Save The Marriage Podcast, I\'ve been tackling your questions -- questions submitted by listeners. \xa0(If you have a question for consideration, email it to me HERE.)In this case, A has a good hold on what to do when, say, her spouse raises his voice or calls her names. \xa0But what about those less-clear actions -- using a "you\'re so stupid" tone (note that this requires you to read a tone... not always a good thing to try).Sometimes, boundaries are clear. \xa0You know how to set them. \xa0I even have a whole chapter on it in the primary module of Save The Marriage System.But when it is more subtle... a little harder to pin down. \xa0And a little harder to call someone on. \xa0What about that?I cover it in this week\'s Save The Marriage Podcast. \xa0Listen below.RELATED RESOURCESSetting BoundariesBoundaries and ControlHealing HurtExpectations and AgreementsConflictSave The Marriage System | What do you do if your spouse decides they need to work on themselves... and then they may (or may not) be willing to work on the marriage? \xa0What do you do if your spouse just refuses to work on your marriage?That is the question of the week, asked by Sam. \xa0He said his wife wants to better herself. \xa0Then, maybe she would address the marriage.As part of my series, answering your questions, I want to address this one. \xa0Because it might just be YOUR question, too! \xa0(If not, you can SUBMIT YOUR QUESTION HERE.)Many times, when a marriage is in trouble, a spouse (or maybe you) just won\'t address the relationship issues, insisting they (or you) need to work on themselves (or yourself) before looking at the marriage.The binary question: \xa0"work on me or work on WE?" stands out. \xa0But does it have to be so binary. \xa0Is it really one or the other? \xa0Or is there another way to approach this?If you try to force a spouse to work on the relationship, that won\'t work... and might make things better. \xa0So, what CAN you do?Listen to this episode of the Save The Marriage Podcast for my response.RELATED RESOURCESDon\'t Try to ConvinceShowing UP in MarriageDealing with ConflictThe Importance of Self-ExpansionThe Save The Marriage System HERE | Phil asked, "How do you know you are making progress?" \xa0And perhaps fearing that the signs point the other way, he also asked, "how long is long enough to be trying before it is unhealthy for me."Those are two great, if somewhat polarized, questions. \xa0They point to fears of not being able to save a relationship. \xa0What to look for? \xa0And what to do if those signs are not there?This can be a bit like staring into the crystal ball... or asking the magic mirror. \xa0But these are such important questions that I wanted to answer Phil\'s questions... at least as much as I can. \xa0There are lots of dynamics and subtleties to a marriage and a spouse, it can be hard to be precise.But I want to discuss some signs to look for, both in when there is progress and when it is becoming unhealthy.Listen in for details in this episode of the podcast.RELATED RESOURCESConfusion or ConnectionShowing UpHaving a PlanSpouse Is NOT The EnemySave The Marriage System to Guide You | "Gem" wrote me after a recent episode of my podcast. \xa0In that episode, a therapist said, after one single session (where divorce had not been mentioned) that the client needed to prepare for divorce.In Gem\'s case, her husband used therapy as the excuse that they "had tried therapy but it didn\'t work." \xa0But he went further, saying that if Gem did not go along with his desire to divorce, it amounted to her disregarding (and disrespecting) his emotions.I would have said, "WHAT??", except I have heard the same thing over and over.Often enough that I have even wondered if some Pro-Divorce "expert" had given that as the secret recipe to shift a spouse out of "save the marriage mode." (Yes, those folks do exist... and yes, spouses do find them... and use them to arm against staying married -- as if you need to arm against that!!)What does it mean when a spouse says, "You are disrespecting my feelings by trying to save our marriage"? \xa0And what do you do? \xa0IS it disrespectful? \xa0SHOULD you just go along and give up?I cover it in this week\'s Save The Marriage Podcast. \xa0Listen below.RELATED RESOURCESCan Your Marriage Be Saved?Why Isn\'t Your Marriage Turning Around?Am I Against Therapy?Can You Convince A Spouse?Here\'s How To Save Your Marriage... Even Working Alone', 'chan_desc': 'Learn the secrets of saving a troubled marriage, and the methods to improve any marriage.  Join Dr. Lee Baucom as he explores practical ways to save a marriage.  Gain the understanding and tools you need in order to successfully solve your relationship problems with love and respect.', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is4-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/2c/20/1a/2c201a4b-b079-c037-3da6-d5432aaa369d/mza_8279738084516511383.jpeg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2013-07-29'}}

{'Psychologists Off The Clock: A Psychology Podcast About The Science And Practice Of Living Well': {'title': 'Psychologists Off The Clock: A Psychology Podcast About The Science And Practice Of Living Well', 'chan_url': 'https://castbox.fm/channel/Psychologists-Off-The-Clock%3A-A-Psychology-Podcast-About-The-Science-And-Practice-Of-Living-Well-id1094515', 'num_comments': 1, 'author': 'Diana Hill Debbie Sorensen & Yael Schonbrun', 'isExplicit': 0, 'sub_count': 863, 'play_count': 14826, 'ch_feed-socials': ['https://www.offtheclockpsych.com/podcast/'], 'ep_total': 107, 'recent_eps': [['2019-10-07', '00:59:53', 0], ['2019-09-29', '01:03:52', 1], ['2019-09-21', '00:53:10', 0], ['2019-09-13', '00:52:16', 1], ['2019-09-06', '00:53:25', 1], ['2019-08-27', '01:09:17', 2], ['2019-08-21', '00:49:45', 1], ['2019-08-16', '00:51:00', 0], ['2019-08-03', '00:49:27', 1], ['2019-07-23', '00:55:52', 2]], 'hover_text_concat': 'Do you have something you want to create, a message you want to share, or a calling you keep ignoring? Tara Mohr has practical wisdom for you to unhook from praise and criticism, find your calling, and step into Playing Big. Psychologists Off The Clock started with Taking A Leap inspired by Tara Mohr’s work. Now Diana has the chance to talk with her directly about why it is so difficult for women to speak up, how motherhood re-organizes everything, and stepping out of ego into wholeness.So drag your dreams out from under the carpet and join us for a thought-provoking conversation with Tara Mohr, author of the Apple iBooks best book of the year Playing Big: Practical Wisdom for Women Who Want to Speak Up, Create, and Lead.Listen and Learn:· Two types of fear that show up for women in Playing Big· How to meet criticism in a patriarchal world· Why acting on “100% certainty” doesn’t make sense· How to reclaim your power through speech· How “Playing Big” changes in motherhood· The role of women supporting women in Playing Big__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick here to Subscribe via Google PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick Here to Subscribe via Spotify | Dr. Robyn Walser is back on the podcast for an intimate and heartfelt conversation with Debbie about her new book The Heart of ACT: Developing a Flexible, Process-Based, and Client-Centered Practice Using Acceptance and Commitment Therapy. As a master therapist and Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (or ACT) trainer, Robyn reflects on how the interpersonal relationship unfolding in the therapy room all too often takes a backseat to applying techniques or interventions when learning a new therapy like ACT. Give this interview a listen for some wise words on how to deepen your clinical practice by showing up more fully and engaging your clients from a process-oriented place.Listen and Learn:· How to sit in the therapist seat wholeheartedly· Tips on balancing process and technique when doing ACT· When to break the therapy “rules”· What role does existentialism play in ACT?__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick here to Subscribe via Google PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick Here to Subscribe via Spotify | Self-care is a hot topic these days and many of us feel like we should be doing more of it. Yet, the last thing we we need is another “to do” on our list. In this episode, Dr. Robyn Gobin and Diana talk about why self-care is more than just pedicures and bubble baths. Dr. Gobin shares her personal experience with self-care and strategies you can put into practice today. So, practice some real self-care and take a listen!Listen and Learn:‧ The 6 domains of self-care‧ Why “listening in” and mindfulness are keys to physical self-care‧ How Dr. Gobin is working to change the narrative around self-care and mental health in communities of color‧ How to use "Emptying The Jug” to tend to your Emotional Self-Care‧ How Dr. Gobin practices self-care on her busiest days and what Diana is doing for self-care before bed‧ Simple strategies for therapist self-care__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick here to Subscribe via Google PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick Here to Subscribe via Spotify | Join us for a journey through the fascinating history of motherhood, media, and medical expertise with professors Bethany Johnson and Margaret Quinlan. Gain insight into the causes and consequences diagnose pregnancy, medicalizing pregnancy and childbirth, and how technology and culture have long created a message that mothers are doing it wrong. Learn why we need to change that message and how we can.In this episode, we explore the following questions:· How have different forms of mothering expertise grown over history, and how has that development impacted women’s experience in mothering?· What are some of the ways that social media proliferates expertise? How does the message of “you’re doing it wrong” impact our experience?· What is the difference between lay and technical expertise and why does it matter for our mothering experience?· How has postpartum care evolved over time and what does that means for the modern mothering experience?· And, what strategies can we employ to combat the messages of “you’re doing it wrong”?__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick here to Subscribe via Google PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick Here to Subscribe via Spotify | If you care about your health, but aren’t the type of person who loves to jump out of bed, hit the gym, and reward your efforts with a kale smoothie, this is the podcast episode for you! We all know what healthy behaviors are, but most of us struggle with how to engage in them, especially when they feel hard and unenjoyable. Join Debbie for an engaging discussion with Dr. Dayna Lee-Baggley, author of Healthy Habits Suck: How to Get Off the Couch and Live a Healthy Life….Even if You Don’t Want To, about evidence-based strategies on how to overcome the internal obstacles that make behavior change hard, and how to sustain lifelong healthy habits.Listen and Learn:· Why healthy habits violate the hard-wiring of our “caveman brain”· How linking health habits to values can make them more meaningful and build motivation· The benefits of focusing on behaviors rather than outcomes to foster success· What is a “smart goal” and how to make them work for you· How to work with the thoughts and emotions that makes healthy habits hard__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick here to Subscribe via Google PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick Here to Subscribe via Spotify | Steven Hayes, co-founder of Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, is back on the show! This one is big. Dr. Hayes shares with Diana about his groundbreaking book, A Liberated Mind. This book has been 11 years in the making and is a comprehensive, accessible, hands-on exploration of ACT. It was a tall order to interview Hayes on such a masterpiece, and we hope we have done it justice. Let us know in a review!Listen and Learn:‧ What Debbie and Diana love about this book‧ Why avoiding thoughts and feelings can cause us trouble‧ How “feel better” tricks have led us astray‧ The 6 processes that together will help you develop a Liberated Mind‧ How Diana ended up singing her self-doubt thoughts out loud on the show, for all the world to hear!‧ How you can apply psychological flexibility not just to your suffering but also to enhance your performanceWIN A FREE COPY OF A LIBERATED MIND!Deadline Sept 15, 2019Here’s how to enter:Post a review of the podcast on Apple PodcastsShare this episode on social media (twitter, Facebook, or Instagram) with #wehurtwherewecareContact us and let us know you completed above tasks__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick here to Subscribe via Google PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via Stitcher | Addiction Is Often Perceived As A Weakness, Lack Of Will Power, Or A Choice. It Isn’t. Addiction Is A Brain Disease. It Is Also A Family Disease That Requires A Holistic Family Approach To Treat.Join Yael For An Important Discussion With The Authors Of The Complete Family Guide To Addiction: Everything You Need To Know Now To Help Your Loved One And Yourself. This Discussion Explores The Nature Of Addiction And Evidence-Based Approaches To Responding To A Family Member Or Friend In Ways That Heal The Disease, Yourself, And Your Relationship With Your Loved One.Listen and Learn:‧ What addiction is and what addiction is not‧ Why addiction is a family disease‧ How our usual way of responding might reinforces our loved one’s addictive behavior‧ How Community Reinforcement and Family Training (CRAFT) and positive reinforcement facilitates healing‧ Practical tips to care for yourself while supporting your loved one during treatment.__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick here to Subscribe via Google Play | We are proud and grateful that we’ve made it to our 100th episode! Take a listen as Debbie, Diana, and Yael share behind-the-scenes bloopers, episode clips, and how Psychologists Off The Clock has changed our lives.The podcast has been a labor of love for all of us. On the journey to our 100th episode, we co-hosts have learned a lot about the art of podcasting, and about new strategies and science within the field of psychology. We have welcomed renowned psychologists and writers, explored a variety of important topics, and shared personal and professional practices that we use to flourish. Join us in celebrating and reflecting on lessons learned in our first 100 episodes!Listen to hear Debbie, Diana, and Yael discuss:‧ How and why we started the podcast.‧ What happens behind the scenes (loud children, technical glitches, and guests we admire to the point of verbal paralysis).‧ Which episodes we use most in our own daily lives, and which episodes we have recommended to our clients and friends.__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick here to Subscribe via Google Play | Time is arguably our most valuable resource, and yet we often don’t manage, allocate, or savor it effectively. In this episode Debbie talks with Laura Vanderkam, author of several books on time management and productivity, about strategies to make time feel more abundant, memorable, and enjoyable.Listen and Learn:‧ Tips for savoring and stretching out pleasure in the passage of time‧ How to best optimize time by prioritizing your core competencies‧ Why effortful fun trumps effortless fun‧ The benefits of keeping a time log for a week__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick here to Subscribe via Google Play | Whether it’s your boss, your client, or a family member, interactions with a narcissist can be challenging. Narcissism can present as obvious grandiosity and self-importance but also shows up in more insidious and subtle ways. Covert forms of narcissism make interpersonal interactions confusing and difficult to understand, and can elicit self-doubt, guilt, and even a sense of “going crazy” in others.In this episode, Drs. Avigail Lev and Robyn Walser delve into a rich discussion on the different types of narcissism, how to spot a narcissist, and how to protect yourself and/or clients from covert forms of this personality trait.Listen and Learn:· Signs you may be interacting with a highly narcissistic person.· “Gaslighting” and how to spot it.· Strategies for dealing effectively with the narcissistic people in your life.· Whether or not people with Narcissistic Personality Disorder can be treated in psychotherapy.__________________________Thank you for joining us on this episode of Psychologists Off The Clock. We appreciate your feedback. Please take a moment to leave a quick rating and review of the show on Apple Podcasts. It helps us spread the word to more folks like you!Click Here to Subscribe via Apple PodcastsClick Here to Subscribe via StitcherClick here to Subscribe via Google Play', 'chan_desc': 'Ever wonder what therapists talk about over coffee? We are three clinical psychologists who love to chat about the best ideas from psychology. In this podcast, we explore the psychological principles we use in our clinical work, and bring you ideas from psychology that can help you flourish in your work, parenting, relationships, and health. Thank you for listening to Psychologists Off The Clock!', 'cover_img_url': 'https://is3-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Podcasts123/v4/a2/a2/90/a2a2903a-1b11-7408-009b-2b10990bbe58/mza_8521970451948821531.jpg/400x400bb.jpg', 'first_release': '2016-11-09'}}

